also make sure to have a great beard and mustache if you're evil <:kappa:374346980136058893>
pls no not that
wolve can i just not breath through my nose within a foot of you or something
that means you swung to attack.
you don't want to wait until we fight bosses?
waking up tomorrow is going to be a pain, it's always more difficult in the cold
right, it's apparently because of latency, because i tried a singleplayer world and had no issues
i prefer using my mobo as a gpu and cpi
fine fine
i have no idea what the heck is even going on
yeah i love running dishonored, but dishonored 2 made me want to die. its all so random
🤔 do you think the lag has something to do with the gore?
﻿<:Nay:327308337706434570> 
i'm not that stupid to do it in a rage
just a reminder that 3 diamonds are needed for the storage heart.
gummy i will destroy you if i have to
i haven't watched a movie in a long time
so much we made a new funny class meme or word
<:PCMR:305892755014418435> 
what is it stuck
quup off
hmmm interesting
his brother recorded a dead man
what?
is makeup
i need to take care of things irl tonight so i don't think we'll be able to have a session tonight.
its like how i have a lot of pictures of pregnant luigi
it has music playing in it
hopefully once we get some more life crystals we'll be able to take down eow faster.
uhhhh
hey gummy boop me, for, uh, science \*cracks knuckles\*
and your name is rarity now
all 3
that should be accurate
get that checked out
my pasta
okay, i suppose "everything that isn't literally illegal and bears some semblance of safe for work"
yes ida
he isnt a child
none of us have any knowledge in morse code, so we wouldn't understand it
i don’t even know what that is
flubs tell them about benny’s casino luck last night
now i want pizza...
i can't tell who raised the hand on mobile
the p stands for "public", silly goose
perfect ida
heh heh you see what i did there?
got battlefront 2
have you been mining for ore in the depths biome also
so id rather have 4 extra years of trying to get a job than 4 years of working up debt
i have one pencil tho
as far as i can tell it's just an in-house sequel to meme run
christ, and it takes like an hour to launch, too
good
i dont really care what quality its in
high school me was cool. i like high school me. bit of a dick but eh, everyones a bit of a dick.
yay my uk friend finally woke up
waffles or pancakes
so i dont like the beach
talk about that
eating it
minus ore seeds.
and we're still in easymode
we died so many times to it
*the world isnt that black and white! from my perspective, im the hero and youre the villian trying to stop my valiant plan of setting the entire population on fire
because it is soooo important for me to self promote myself
nah i don't feel like keeping track
i will show you the cock
i question if ida ever watched myself
i'm not trying to sound offensive but y'all seem kinda trict
damage?
what other browser would u use?
i didn't know that you were you
....
i meant blackmail becoming blackma- shit nevermind that doesnt work
i’ll make the knife go away
im constantly on here and not even up to date on the spreadsheets i made for one of the classes. not doing anything officially extracurricular.
sooooo
wait you guys actually think that's actually that bad?
i mean, i would just go and consider that an alt by technicality, but details
ate 1/3 of the one in that photo during dunch today
come join
previous mistakes were repeated
because she did the forcing/blackmail
i can't at this point master
peter the great
it was probably the fries that gave you away
although i just lost connection
i don't know.
e!says-add i don't know what to do, its working!
it's fine, wolve.
ah yes, the bees.
krelian, please. ^_^;
not like the npc is going to be useful to us now
i'm kicking overhaul out for the next server
it used up every single free bit of space on my drive
oh fuck
taking a break from playing 2 hours of blazblue.
not even close.
i can imagine the banner having stickfigures in it now
like the soc.
canterlot equestria
and bramble i guess but i bought that like 5 seconds before we won so it didn't count
i'll tell you about flubs pm
its a rating of how often something appeas within a given set
heartgold and soulsilver
it's follow
it's pokemon black and white and according to drago black and white was amazing
good luck on that
you have a biased sample
bass
rc wanna see the full pic?
no cadance i haven’t
bollocks
that isn't me
owo drago hitting his bad bot with a rod
the paul brothers are loud. you want more of them?
he also is attracted to me
are you talking to me in the last message flubs?
they just subbed to me and followed me on twitter
cuz y'know
i am tempted to add you now so you can meet them if you know which one it is
and who cares if it’s fictional
idk none of them ever sign up for my forums
~~ill have fun hehe~~
but nah, gummy, as much as you want to help everyone, remember that it isn't your problem, as bad as that sounds
money chest
the way overhaul changed picks annoys me like how it annoys ida
but tremor itself is being maintained by someone else.
ho-oh
that's peanuts at our point in the game.
idk never played it either lol
they just don't have electricity in the siberian areas where it's happening <:keepo:327304799919800321>
a rarity plushie and a tricorne/bicorne hate
its gotta be true
henlo wolve
i haven’t played overwatch in a while
rarity pkushie made in the uk
classmate rolled his truck after drinking and driving
i lived my life trying to get good enough that i would be worthy of her
i think that's calamity
everyone said it
just not as much as actual smoking
when you least expect it
just stand there while everyone dances
no, it is literally the opposite
you know rainy is right flubs
b/w was meh. the sequels are much better. x&y was bland. oras, i like but i definitely prefer emerald.
in the newer generations they kinda made red a pushover
at least she thinks im lovely
platinum was the last game to have it
we all did
and maybe add a feature to have us remove them without having to go into the logs
coffee drinker
im almost tempted to rebrand now but have no idea what it would be to
it just might overhaul though.
that's the smell of nature, you fool
they charge money for use of the mods content.
how'd you even get it?
that's a good idea.
well thats on you for not seeing the future to this exact moment at age 6
so if i had to guess
save the portal for next time
currently alone in a very empty quiet hallway
nothing happen to me
college
ehh effort
2 was meh
yes rc go ahead with the snarky
honestly i’m not as big of one but i’m excited for captain marvel
gummy what you gotta do is get close to the person, then once you learn about their weaknesses just take them apart point by point until youve deconstructed their whole life
physics is evil
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
how do you do that thing where you split the sheet in half in google docs so taht you can have two columns of text on a page?
more than you
idk why my classmates made a big deal about it
i have like 0 friends irl and im 100% ok with it because irl people are weird
seriously my cabinets have chips and other snacks, my drawers have cookies and other desserts, and my shelves have high quality spices
e!will
well from what ive heard if youve played hgss you havent missed much
i’m at my nephew’s 3rd birthday party and there’s several kids. i feel like running into a wall
if you got money yes
crystal is my favorite game in the series
also, he has 7 pokemon
oh but dont let me stop you from streaming every minute of every day for the rest of time
okay cya guys tuesday
kappa
something happen?
a rydon
it's a loot magnet from luiafk.
i guess they're giving them another chance since this was a one time thing
this clip is a very low standard for both faith and a very high standard for humanity
no you....
she was having a nervous smile
how the hell did you get that
11k gold in the bank
why is there an actual currency based on garlic bread
i really question the use of math sometimes
but im not about to fucking wall mount a third
i have tons
y'all just hatin
is rarity an old lady confirmed?
they weren't stupid enough to not learn from their mistake tho
my parents dont know what patreon is and that';s probably a good thing
i can't stand that stuff
i just wear shoes bigger than my foot
i was responding to stuck's last message to me
urgh, i should sleep too. but this is the first time ive gotten to write real code in a few days and i'm trying to fight the withdrawal
brb screen break
that’s not a lot
garlicoin, actually
greetings, cadance.
get to it
i see someone tried to murder squid again
i might end up with a 50 something in bio today as well
if mr cadance ever asks me again why i like rarity, i got a list.
i always read "defaced" as "defacated"
...what?
or maybe it was alyssa
like this
the windows 10 hard drive wants to confirm alll the integrity stuff, exactly as expected
hey guys i have an idea
how about, god save everyone else because we're going to need it
oh no im not brave enough for politics
mine would be a remix of nuclear fusion.
all the garlic
but like...its gonna get hot. and when its hot its loud
so its micspam time. got it.
i'm still in pre-hardmode xp
more?
i'm not going to be held responsible for the death of the bot
damn it
it reminded me of you
<:kappa:374346980136058893>
"the funeral is at 6:00, please be on time"ypoo
doesnt help me figure out who tf owns the discord beta testing server tho
actually, going to her concert in a couple months 😄

yeah, we do
owo this is interesting
great now i have self-confidence issues
did i miss something
the case shouldn't affect your flash drives like that
"genious"
or would that one warrant the gpu approach?
but when you type `main` in with a capital m you need to manually input {} later on for your code to run
i assume you are talking about your grandma, and if you really want her to shut up ask her about m-81
i'm honestly more excited for that time around since i'll be playing gunner xp
i dont want those nsfw ones tho
can't too tired
i don't want there to be too much lag
eew gross why do you have poewrpoint and onenote pinned
fibus lusec wecos vinosec
i needed that after dinner snack
thats that to none
<:seemsgood:327307864463114250>
now it's a force schedule your video
everything?
even with a job
you already do, ninny
this is shaping up to be a good story, i don’t feel powerful
also i came very close to mistyping "weilds ass" which would be a sight to see
good
so i don't have to do that ^^^
i would like just enough to be higher level than gummy
you are not joining
why do i have the bad feeling he's going to abuse that emote
:spinning: x3
i do
you really like to steal doors, huh rc
i wonder if "greater masa mune" will ever be a thing. <:thinkingking:325447327940870145>
~~one of us. one of us.~~
we already know what you're gonna pick tho
i'm afraid to join vc xp
how dare somebody play my champ
i'm sculpting models right now, squid.
i wonder what other rank ups could’ve been
when
get the chat to fight and blow things up
i see.
<:wutface:327309186432237569>
the world doesn't revolve around you, gummy.
!rank
it is
remember magic wand
~~dont worry squid, i never will.~~
i love hnnngggg-ing
i arrive back
what is with all of the icons
that too lol
oh hey, you're dunban now, rc?
henlo shade
drago is the winner
my tradition is just not watching the game
damn misspelling...
darn
what game is it?
so before i went to sleep today i figured out the formular to graph a brachistochrone and ive also added 2 new features to the bot
skarm is always either violent or lewd, i'll have you know
e!bot
if i was going to get an emote it should be more me this time
they let you on phones last year in spare
a bit of both?
he's too busy spending two thousand hours in terraria
ok i got a new email to redirect all my college spam to... took me long enough
plus a server which is connected to the dm
pot meet kettle, gummy
my catchphrase is better
did i just walk in on something here
you gotta sometimes make the call that a community would be better off without someone weighing it down. that's not a decision you should have to make frequently nor take for granted but sometimes it's what it comes down to
oh wow almost like i have experience being an asshole
okay well now she msg the dm and idk if i wanna say anything or keep quiet
goood gummy
the bot is taunting me
let me guess: same person?
plantera is one of the bosses and you break a plantera bulb to summon it.
never most likely
how goes things?
<:wutface:327309186432237569>
not true;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
because flubs is more fun
i probably have a cs, latin, and pre-calc test all tomorrow
ida what else do you thinki do that’s a waste of time?
no no lets
banked garlic bread from ~~scratch~~ raw ingredients
dazzling is next at school then
every kind of doughnut violently smashed into one megadonut > all alternatives
doesnt mean he cant react with them
brb looking up how many joules are spent in an hour long bike ride at fifteen mph
i thought it was fairly obvious :c
so i just made some more pure gb today
keyword: should
it’s been more than 15 seconds since he last said something
programmer art sound effects
archive them somewhere or something
however if i do choose a new pokemon it will be oricorio
ahh starting week count on monday
i guess i missed the part where dragonite's name was changed to 'screw you master - guru of screw'
i like the diving events too
<:wutface:327309186432237569>
said you were
huh?
you dissapoint me and i leave now
i mean if worse comes to worse (i have no idea if i used this right or if it's written properly) you could always use the *"legal"* roundabout method of installing windows. although, idk if you can do that on a laptop.
him and mal (his wife) do show up in the discord server quite a bit; at least one of them, once a day
also happy valentines day and happy singles awareness day! :seoxyslove:
<:treason:396483914803445761>
yeah
not the greatest.
no squid that’s inappropriate
and thumbs up had its own glitch
“prick”
use sylveon lol
i thought it was all in good fun but it was actually meant for me to feel bad
new super mario bros ds was another option but i done the let’s play 4 times and it requires the bot screen
i already promise not to have a huge freakout ever since the october 8th 2016 at 7pm incident
i didn’t. although i was feeling slightly more upbeat today
i have crystal and there is a reason why they made remakes
okay then
ill throw one ultra ball
asus
maybe flubs but i know how to handle most of the situation
same
i mean he's practically banned from this server anyways
can i get ban so i don't have to jump back and forth to different servers?
i do plan on catching legendaries in unorthodox balls when i get to usum
it just has this charm to me i don’t know
i can wear that and shake my tail
what do you guys feel about randomizers
yes it was dumb bird
i could have done 1804 or 1815
it's not that, it's just that my internet is going to make things a pain because of constant buffering
what kind is it?
there's another good response
dragonite, smack him with a frying pan if you please. =w=
that would be funny in real life though. "oh i cant walk because of those 4 swords longer than my arm strapped to my back. forgot about those.
no kill me
doit
we need a quarantine
true true probably when i get idk 1000 views...likes that’s going to happen lol
amazing how many costumes he can layer up
possibly
seen the escape rope fail yet?
i said me, you ninny
you know who was also a good tsar?
oops caps
also a few milling subscribers and a thriving youtube channel but that's beside the point.
namely, her.e
kk cya
and now it's rubbing it in. <:lul:305559915714576385>
what was i being thanked for
ask my classmates
and they don't know anything else
i’m not drinking anything
\the adventure one is sfw
oh that makes sense
explanation please
the battle is starting soon
so many scottish accented voices shouting "think you can take me?" in my head right now, this is normal
i see.
<:seemsgood:327307864463114250>
someone help
it sucks you in, i know that from experience
are you texting and driving, first of all
that sounds stupid
actually better than what you called me yesterday
no but can we talk about the non food pancakes. theyre better
<:lul:305559915714576385>
live footage of eyan deleting friends
my throat now really hurts
<:hellothere:305560404715896832> dan
not a fan of steak either
not a name i recognize
i wouldn't willingly order it
i mean where did you find the news?
it is beyond my comprehension how someone doesnt like salmon roll
wow i am not ban in his twitch chat
like overall student's eoc scores raised by like 7%
i dont even remember posting that
that good?
you have to look really close and cross your eyes and poke yourself in the face with the arrow tip
e!dragonite-b
raw fish?
enhanse
never thought i would see this day
i question how effective that solution is
i've always gone for water starts on my first playthroughs.
over yours and corphish's dead bodies
i was only 1 then
that went well
man i quit the mod job
sleep is for the weak.
well go do it then, i'm too lazy to do it
are you telling flubs that's the decision you made that he won't agree with
because it's not
sup nerds
it may not hep, but it helps
brb doing garlic bread cinematography
<:coolstorybob:327305348698603520>
oh...
well i get it
<:seemsgood:327307864463114250>
they could just be lazy as hell and just make it a 7th gen port
also on the subject of ports secret of mana just got a steam remake, anyone know if it's any good? (it's getting pilloried by the reviews)
it's referring to samus' mother-like position with the baby metroid.
i'm calling a delay here, it still seems too early
i also like just drunk ideas in general
hai everyone <:hellothere:305560404715896832>
good mentality
and that’s not green
or alternatively: looking at the abyss
but fallout 4 really is better
it's like that one tradition where an idea has to be approved while both drunken and sober to go into action
dayum
i cant get food out of my fridge
where is he?
oh darn i missed a stream
good
they're glitchy
but there are two people dedicating their entire lives to fish
i won't be able to disconnect the two for my entire playthrough
but are we eating the chicken?
"shouldn't you be making headlines by now?"
they're waiting for andi to donate so they can ban gummy.
i should get it, but again...lazy
even talking about treason is treason
iirc
it's just getting better and better.
you can stop with your pickup lines now
definitely
x&y has always been hated
gen ii is still my favorite.
connection issues
oh and fries get a free pass ofc
however oil has prevented gummy from hearing much
modulo.
<:seemsgood:327307864463114250>
i wanna get an inkay though
it was funny
because it works
you never talk to me
maybe
yup master jinx me
to have something in common: to share the same interests ~~or have similar characteristics~~
i am
until today
ech!
that's my job
thats not something in common
mystery dungeon explorers of sky is stupid
hg/ss is so expensive. a new copy is $799
did you see godzilla blow up the mailman?
skarm sound the drums of war.... japan is going down
a dog didn't explode the mailman though, a giant mutated lizard did
maybe. <:kappa:374346980136058893>
i doubt he meant *those* kind of things, flubs
time to level up
rest well then
i kind of don't hang out here anymore
thank you
wait nvm he got caught more than once
hey will
sometimes it takes 2 seconds other times its like half an hour
i dont know how to respond
like
i ordered two...
oh, maybe
it sounds interesting
yeah thanks
though i don’t think you will give me a wand
is that the first action directed at wolverale, now
i don’t like ghestsis.
skarm does not want battle revolution
yup twitch support is on it
colress is good
those are tasty things which in this scenario overrules important
the kappa
n is awesome
those
nice
make that dark chocolate and i'm in
holy shit there's actually people helpless hg me clean this year
<:lul:305559915714576385>
i thought it would fall to deci since youre not married yet
well i once got my butt kicked when i played on emperor mode in civ
<:lul:305559915714576385>
wait a second
you didn't even get the joke.
i have no idea what that's supposed to mean
no skarm turn yourself in!
only reason im not aggressive in civ was ida telling it’s not a good idea
that took years to make
and they started asking me advice
(drago, put an icon on your alt, you lazy bum)
yay!
good job master (๑•͈ᴗ•͈)b
i return with cake
she plays a lot of characters besides twilight like timmy turner
well if he constantly says he’s 11 and to leave him alone because he’s young but acts like 11
why have you been doing that up to now?
lol yup
now let's try this gif
i hope i find someone someday who is extremely untidy and can't cook for shit
i was never a true zealian
botw > skyrim
fuck you, flubs
ehh you capitalized it so my code says it's completely different
what is wrong with me this week?
!image twitch lol
youre in love with a pony other than whatever that one is called
nintendo should make all the main pokémon games available on either the 3ds/wii u virtual console or if the switch ends up getting a virtual console
okay, i just saw a skyrim mod that turns the dragon you find in helgan (the name escapes me at the minute) into charizard.
i think
damn
dismebarks
should i set the starting counter to like 2?
well im france and france surrender after the napoleonic era
turns out, if the subs don’t watch x amount of videos as they come out, they just straight up don’t get notified of the video
i try to have a 10-7 sleep schedule.
i enjoyed my time with it, but not as much as other entries in the series.
ok, who was the queen disguised as in the phantom menace?
then have someone else do it
skarm knows all
or we eat out
i talk about characters and people i find pretty looking
how so?
is there a good mod to make the guards dialogue slightly more realistic in skyrim? because going from "pst, i know you you are, hail sithis" to "let me guess, somebody stole your sweet roll" to "what is it? dragons?" doesnt seem quite right
remember screw the brits, screw the danes, and fuck prussia
correct.
greetings, bella.
someone else want to work my 8 hour shift for me? <:kappa:374346980136058893>
~~i can play the clarinet~~ <:kappa:374346980136058893>
now what?
it’s a union
they would be the best of friends
mo but that has happened
and theoretically you cant trick your brain to be happy but you can force it to be
gummy, just tell an agent that you are a terrorist, then  you won't be going anywhere
i’m going to burn britain down
you know that website that majestic sent you a while ago?
the part i don't understand is the system of magic used in chrono trigger
./confuse
an artist must work in the shadows to serve the light
t=-15 minutes to class and i'm the only one in the room
oh hey will
i could do it now anyway or i could, like, not do it now
s9+ hype
im so mean
i still havent done the golden claw sidequest
church for good friday.
i never had gelato
id give you my old one but i doubt you want it lol
i'm going to assume that's weeb word
yeah there are many types of seizures actually
fuck yeah
i doubt theanimeman or any other anituber will act like it existed
also i love how i say women take forever as my pfp literally shows that...
do you have boss checklist enabled?
we need you to throw some people for squid
did everyone hear what happened with doublelift
same here
with real gold on them
it's better than megashark but consumes more ammo
two wine glass
depends on the weekday
nice
nothing
i love gossiping for some reason
holy fuck everything in switzerland is expensive
i assume for the video-game variety?
~~and lags you if you don't have a good pc.~~
guys how long do you think before he gets to the good part?
here's what i know regarding those 3 distros.
e!react 431604441700106250 👍 s
felt like touhou on like, normal-to-hard
is this the game-wide record?
dessert
e!react 431604943464693761 👍
maybe the game hates me
oooh its a party in commons
dammit skarm
for the stream playthrough?
crashed again.
so must make an anthem
she insinuated some very rude things about my ancestors being related
also holy crap youtube's autoplay algorithm is like 5 billion times better than their shuffle playlist one
no flubs
they have a food about it
the quest should still be in your to do list tho
im not looking for ping time
at least it kept recording
okay, that's kinda great.
my league client has failed catastrophically
did you see drago?
:feelsannoyingman:
<:seemsgood:327307864463114250>
~~but you could use psyduck~~ <:kappa:374346980136058893>
its a collage of 3 images one of them being negated and all of them being mirrored diagonally
uh oh.
wowsa.
but why do physics gnomes make sleep?
i got a really good paxel and scepter.
was there 8 of them? <:kappa:374346980136058893>
later, squid.
boring
hey, i was going to eat that squid
remember kids, always make the best use of your situation
by the way, wolve.
because they feel like it
random thought: ok, so for lunch, i had a chicken parmesan sandwich at one restaurant. normally, it has tomato sauce on it, but for some reason, they put some sort of meat sauce on it
but does a tough battle make a good character?
same, how do you think i got lvl 90 lul
please dont blow up dan
shadowmere
that works too i suppose
wait what the fuck theres a bards college in skyrim
in black/white, i went back to nimbasa to fight the trains there all the time.
my soul is an eye
anime titties
im just saying i like seeing them clearly
feelsfrogman
mr meatball nose
"if it ain't broke, don't skittying fix it"
i was about to say and you thought diver was good
the fork is a weapon. it deals 1 damage and cant be boosted.
it cant be eaten
this again?
yay i got occlusion culling to work
ehh, i'm no bitch unlike apparently the rest of the internet, i love the snow
work is never fun
what story
i just got back from work
oh dear
shoving off to sleep, was nice knowing you, etc, dont burn the place down, etc, etc, etc
the ocean one?
i never play competitive games though, i've always been a solo player
i’m back from work ya ninnies
unless his discord username is different now.
if i have kept all the attempted footage then i might've considered making a blooper reel at the end of the video for the heck of it lol xd
ughh, i have to do bleak falls barrow to do the civil war?
avicii was just found dead
im confused now
you ate some thing edible
100% oj, 2d game.
seems i must have my 50 million tabs of terraria wiki open again
<a:peepocheer:422063843938926602>
argonian?
no, that is incorrect
is there a problem with 5 minute intros? because ive been working on one i think is pretty nice.
this is healthy
it's because satire's not actually at all different from what it's mocking
and to answer draco's question, i didnt feel like having it pm me or routing it to a channel in the log server
i know
sounds good
well, this was ~~boring~~ great. back to work...
hmmm
okay, just wanted to make sure it's fair game even though it's in another world
good luck with that
hint: the middle three always evaluate to "true"
good job
when i started, i didn't know how to screen record
won't have to do those things for another year
jsut started derivatives and theyre fun
thank you kind sir
you fit right in here. =w=
do i get another trophy for level 60?
no you just havent caught up with death yet
just the one.
the formula was n² + n - 1
for example on the ti-30s if you type in -1^4 you get -1
but when n = 14 you get 77 which is composite ;/
it's confirmed, there is a 2nd spaghetti
why are we talking about trees now
assholes need lessons taught to them
we didnt do much abs in precalc
if you were told simply to disprove a formula's ability to only generate primes then why do you need to make a new formula with the same objective?
so clearly he knew he screwed up
then you should try engaging more with your viewers in the video, giving a question of the day (kinda like what eyan's done in the past)
or given my personal rating
he was trying to say how much of a hypocrite i was being, when literally i was doing nothing hypocritical in any regards. granted i could've articulated my response much better, but still
though i think my days in the game are numbered, since i dont want to get a 144hz monitor for just one game and one game only, and i dont even think my laptop can run that type of monitor
looks like java doesn't care master lul
and by that i mean ill do the throwing shit at it for you
now we just mash ctrl+k once we dont have any error messages
speaking of things going horribly wrong, im glad i bought a new mouse today since the one i have now is starting to work worse as time goes on
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
how would you plug that in?
alright, cya have fun
lets get some bagels my friends
<:kingofchamp:335544767616385025>
also my computer just rebooted without explanation
except the mets lost
the bagel song
fuck
wtf is max()
greetings, and salutations, sky.  welcome to the kingdom of zeal.
sure
but what about the masa red attacks on the blue kilwala ?
i just wanna level my jungle, i'm in the mood for meniality and drinks
breakfast today consisted of a starbucks protein double shot, to which i added four shots of espresso.
flubs i'll buy one of those tow truck cart things and attach it to the back of my bike
if it makes you feel any better i can go in and lower the frequency of puns
they were poisoned
oh jeez.
 - say youre going afk to do important things and to ping you if it's urgent
you are quite welcome, my dear sire
2 stands for "write",
color breakdown
wellp
which means almost all movies are sequels
like im decked out in hellstone gear, i just need a muramasa so i can craft nights edge
its fissioninig
anyway, are you free to try it at like 6 today?
oh wait no thats just the weather balloon thats on fire. the sky isnt on fire
ateveryone who here's life isnt a dumpster fire?
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
sounds devastating
gummy can i be your best friend
~~greetings and salutations, gummy! welcome to the kingdom of zeal!~~
two things
but hes made of alcohol
how did the count rise to 5 tho?
can i have one
that sounds even worse
in the 3ds version sarah keeps beating me as jigglypuff
>ida has been playing skyrim for 5 hours
i could get work done
how do i delete this shit
chocolate chip would just mean generally anything that isnt vanilla
arent sata cables generally easy to get a hold of though?
(๑•͈ᴗ•͈)b
*kinda*?
gummy arent you the one with the super fancy gaming pc
i'm more used to people referring to it as 2π, in math
nice
yeah close enough on the zeroes
when was i supposed to learn this shit
just finished physics class
it'll mostly be the mermen that are the issue
can’t we just talk about video games or something entertaining?
my dog would probably let you get away with that, too
maybe. that was 7th grade so i *might* not remember it
anyway brb off to physics class for a lovely lovely test
it's great
<:lul:305559915714576385>
it’s 6:15 and it’s still pretty humid out; i still don’t like humidity
that chaos!
3 plz
ah hah
and then went rogue.
i’d do it if i felt well
"don't get me wrong, i love lamp".
probably shouldn’t have sat on him...
oh no
master would be proud.
20 secs to load pc
he’s my dog now
<:kingofchamp:335544767616385025>
final fantasy xv
thats me, baby
ow and also my back
try and launch your worm as far as possible
eat it
wanna try it
i'm was never hired
what were the questions?
well you don't perpetually speak musketreason, not here at least so that has to be at least partially wrong
i just hope that the first time i meet any of you irl that my first words are "listen here, you little shit."
never timed it though
so when does google make a nation and we end up in some dystopia where they own everyone
i’m back from work ya ninnies
if i qualify then i'll be able to take pre-calculus ii and introductory physics in college this fall <:feelsgoodman:327315048252833793>
do you what?
and only assholes do that
and he’s using empire total war to help him learn...
it’s fun
i’m back from work ya ninnies
so you can still wingsuit in and land on a guy to kill him, but you can also take the dead guy's knife and throw it into the skull of the guy who was chatting with him
because only high quality shitposts make it through
also i *finally* got a fucking hug outta you
no, square the temperature
what do you think?
    }
that sentence doesnt make sense to me
i kinda wanna frame it
then you are safe
did someone say math lesson? <:kappa:374346980136058893>
go faster than camera take picture
and i thought i worked out a lot lol
something about technicians
yeah, i think that’s important
could not determine java version from '10.0.1'.
see but next year we’re ditching and playing d&d
sure csi shows misuse it but its not the word's fault
it could also be "enunciate" but that's only a thing i have problems with
anyway if i can wrap my noggin around github ill let you poke through and make fun of what im working on
what here needs modifying?
lol bob the builder
im a doof
3+4=5
so tomorrow can be like a testing day for me
i think 5-24-25 is also one
why?
welp
youve been thinking to much, time to start doing
idk who to pick though
yeah but 500 people will be watching...
same
you're almost done the game if i'm not mistakne.
like doubling numbers
theyre worth nothing on their own but so much when put into a fucking barrel
theres those junimo huts you can get
and try to get the kegs, theyre worth even more
it's not like the class is experimental
oh grad party will be safe
ill give you a hint, they wont be in a barrel
but i guess i should be "stupid" about these things as my parents say
yeah but if a bunch of passwords leak from a site or something and you use the same one for everything, it doesnt matter how secure it is
it's only once a year that you get to have a go with those hats
why are you upvoting
why do you think i have a place to copy and paste them all in from?
only one way to find out
yeah we know
and the process of throwing everything at animal man was repeated
~~phanpy.~~
because that thing is longer than my entire body and thicker than my forearm
either that or you put one of your "or"s in the wrong place
also master yoru coding style is abysmal
yaya
it was only 20%?
but like
windows 3.1
so tonight i finally get to relax with empire
it's "only" flirting with 3 here
know what would be nice?
we talked about the art of history
if i murder you tomorrow that'll be the future instead
also met a new friend at the party
@gummy's friend: chuck his phone in the lake
get one for everyone here too
i want some more twisted ice tea
he said ‘thanks i really appreciate that’
obviously
that was exciting
i copied and pasted from the semi-working version on github
she calls me a lot of things as well <:raritywink:278584590300348416>
gummy says ‘get out of my face i feel really insulted’
i forgot my wallet and came home
way less pollution
<:gwupugurithinking:390299785841606656>
i spent more time trying to decide what book to read
smart bois
is it a tool that penetrates and measures penetration?
bella's going to yell at us again for talking about code isnt she
so that way when you pass a potatosalad instance to a metabolish instance it knows it can extract that information
public class potatosalad implements nutrition```
it’s legit
it's treason
god i ate so much cheese today...yesterday
but im bad at that
you cant snort a condom
dont you have class today?
that sounds a lot easier
all im doing is pushing myself
i'll brb
<:lul:305559915714576385>
now i want a drink
same
we know
melia+mythra>all
i need help
ok next is the trumpet blaring from the sky
time to play singleplayer games and not save
no a server
holy shit
that was fun
actually code that
barf green with chunks.
what?
?0.0225"?m  
i guess you aren’t hungry
good luck with that
ouo!
none of them are done well, however
so i have confidence that i'll qualify for the course
gummy remind benny that im rooting for him
in javascript and game maker anyway
in java decidedly not
though if i could i would
the following year students were not permitted to change the wallpaper
thanks you broke both my hands
normally zero
currently counting 435 photos
whenever my (great?)grandparents were high schoolers
in practice: there's like a hundred fifty lines we'd have to do that to and neither of us has the patience for that
i have a growing amount of dislike for these types of videos. if you're not into a game yourself that's fantastic, no need to ruin it for other people.
1930s?
but yeah sing that song
they don't curse in this movie but they changed words up
and awesome holidays
you people arent very good at this
<#305548986155008000> plz
<:gwcfcthonk:357907199928041473>
no bad apple
that won't end well
also i needed the territory of egypt which was own by the ottoman empire at that time so instead of declaring war and taking it, i did it the ida way
i should sleep
i guess that makes sense
no squid
sneak 100
squid you can be the guru of the gutter
your youth or your life as payment
could be
greetings, will.
i remember one time we played guitar hero in math class
i was just about to ask them
have fun stay safe
since when do i want to read?
lol true
you missed the dumpster
i will smite thee
im perfectly happy on my own
they are great
fool.
but ugh
aurelion sol?
10/10 would make that mistake again
i only explored like 30% of guar plains
that's probably because shadowplay doesn't record at like a terabit per second
        });```
is there still a potential stream today?
ive only edited like fifteen or sixteen btw
your spleen hole is bleeding so much you must know something
she got me some fish bowl
oh like taco style of bowl?
don’t be angry
the hell
how many bits per second the thing uses to encode video
or was some homeless guy hungry?
idk what it is but it smells nice
rainy you can die
i get it now magus
are you playing on blood trees or something?
if i cant have you ill be the only one left for you to love
i mean i won't
you can edit the file you know
and i am music stufdnt
can’t edit on monile
not all of them
recursion is easy
alright, im going back to doing other stuff. probably should do homework but more than likely ill play games with my friends until 10 and then go to bed at 1 after i finish it
*is back* freaking dragonite. you let the banished out
raw ym
exactly master
i am a bard
blanket buddies extracurricular
he can be like "here's how you dont do it"
no eyan is the school mascot
you weren’t?
yeah dragonite birthed you, skarm
watch him at the casinos
what are you gonna do
does the school of zeal have a dark brotherhood chapter?
idk if someone wants to teach despacitounge or surrenderspeech
fuck you im the assassin
wait im fucking retarded
e!google dovahzul translator
who's our pro ice cream rater?
just shot everyone
isn't it technically rereleased? cuz atma's was in season 3, i remember the warmog's atma's darius days
alright gn
never saw that show but heard good things about it, lol
well, i think i got a cold or sinus infection or something. yesterday, i couldn’t stop coughing and today, my nose won’t stop running
whatever floats your goat
on the subject of this school thing, i have made the executive decision as head of the gsa: gsa stands for gay shit ayylmao now
okay im a general
oh boy i have to be proctored for a final in an hour and 20 minutes
it’s alternate history
it makes me pass my classes
i should probably do the same, night all
at the very least i was lurking in here when you were talking about it <:ceselalul:428570630254755840>
guys code red
ヽ(°▽ °)ノ
because it bothers you
yes rainy?
i hate algebra <:rooderp:399827526744014848>
nice
get sarah to beat him then
also hot coffee on a winter morning is the only reason i'm not 100% atheist
<:hellothere:305560404715896832>
im taking two english classes this summer so yes i am quite dead indeed
flubs flubs
feel free to tutor me in math <:ceselalul:428570630254755840>
sleeping early was 3 hours ago
<:gwnanamilaceshrug:403295147892277249>
what'd you do this time
how was it a good idea?
feels like i never talk to you guys anymore
...yeah started drinking at grad party and now all i can think about it trying everything that’s alcoholic
man, i had some crazy pizza dreams last night, tripped the heck out
i don’t wanna be napoléon anymore tbh i only wanna be him when i play my war games
gummy stop making me stay up
now i kick my pants off discord
i mean let's be real, xc1's menus are awesome considering the stupid amount of things that they do
back to war
no you dont lose your skyrim license, just your bard college position
from my point of view what about the wookies?
oh there once was a hero named ragnr the red
i pretty much just guess since 3/4 were correct
also a shrine
history is better
i just took the final, my grade isn't 89% it's actually 94% so soon i'll be the only one with a grade in the 90s lol
dammit, i wanted that
i have no idea how they got that
strengthen the empire, weaken the thalmor
“do you know the definition of insanity?” vaas
i just hate stupidity, in both myself and others
modern rap is like saying classical music
i hate everyone myself but i have a reason
then why side with him if you're gonna betray him anyways?
how about chant du départ
they make such satisfying noises when they die
they cause me to be stressed the fuck out
it's just my phobias make the game hell for me
i say nay
i just don’t care about action movies. except maybe deadpool
good
who chooses that side
remember when i pirate stuff
a tnt a day keeps the doctor away
fuck
guys
```that item does not exist. it may have been removed by the author.```
so i may have just invited a pedo to my server 🤦
i’m actually eating right now
so i found out he just got ban from that server
met a french friend yesterday
fire emblem hates you o3o

i’ll send you this for free
we are not enabling the bot to post memes
probably less so after steel got nerfed
if benny is illiterate how could he play the slots?
someone called me earlier. i didn’t answer, but he left a voicemail saying he wants his money back and then bye
but, i really enjoyed it
tell them to turn it off and turn it on again
same
can you give your friend the line?
you called me in the middle of work...
whats his username now?
sane was the annoying one right
sure it does
nah he hates golf
<:lul:305559915714576385>
benny is like the second mascot here
<:seemsgood:327307864463114250>
and no, the expos never won one
noms tv
i guess he didn’t like the rock
im practicing already rainy
apparently the subscription tab will no longer be im chronological order
it's okay youre not supposed to be able to remember elven names anyway
just woke up
youtube has done it again...
friends decides to troll in server
used that 4 cheese-blend
what’s pride and predjudice?
since everyone has a different role and in the same category
the plane game was nice
brb looking for cheese
how about napoleon total war?
i beat you in that
with a sawzall and a blowtorch
you suffer from a condition called not nerdy enough
this is pointless
it is always the time for java jokes
the russian empire sucked after tsar alexander i died
nothing?
you called it
i dont remember that but that thought got a chuckle out of me
thanks
that's a surprising thing to hear from you
because
also was asleep 2.5 hours before you sent that
once again the asshole made me super mad
so are we
it ends on may 28
what did you get, dialga or palkia?
dialga
same but that is a good one
why not have a paint concert or a lumber concert instead
im about halfway through melting down cookies, garlic, and bread into my stomach, if theres anything extra stupid going on today please ping
drago
no rap
that's not addressed in the privacy policy.
i hoik killed a dungeon guardian fairly early on and then we legit killed another as a group lateron.
it’s 7:32 and i already feel like going to bed. help
maybe
though i wish i did cape, i hate it when people mistake me for a *shudders* straight
dp2 is almost starting soon
spongebob is better now
simpsons has been going on longer
it was
i think rc needs to hang out with gummy more
now i want cheese
and once i find my mic i'll get on for what will probably only last until i either a) go meetup with friends to binge a bunch of shows or b) we decide to play the vidya games
who was the asshat who called it foobar?
it's more or less a religion thats one of those stereotypical ones i guess
> dragonite
it's deja vu all over again
<:feelsbadman:327312260970315823>
inebriated
just saw deadpool 2
if it's written out you can decipher, at this point with speaking i don't think you could understand if they used spelling or grammar correcty
im seeing ads for barbecue and getting extremely hungry
flubs can you give me 10 examples of ideas that aren't a theory
flubs
sooooo
nothing happens
why does it feel like he never streams anymore
lol, day off, if only
~~yourself?~~
ida!
flubs you gotta watch this amazing show that i am currently watching
well then back to yelling at people for pinging other people
have fun with that
can you ask her to let me finish my finals first
god damn it how am i still in the lead?
what?
very carefully. <:kappa:374346980136058893>
differential equations fascinate me, i wanna learn about those eventually
like linear algebra, number theory, topology, etc
then i can get into differential equations
my ap history course for next year just assigned their summer project
yup looks like it
it was invented when a supercomputer was injected with 12 tons of meth, 3 tons of weed, and a pool-worth of lsd
im pretty excited just to dive into calculus
okay, now that i think about it, lets go is gen 1
what have they done?
so i just decided to make a text adventure rpg and implement sound
but you guys never talk when im here
cause have you ever heard of missile thrusters?
time lapse snapshot
<:feelsbadman:327312260970315823>
hai friends ^w^
must not damage the pages
if we’re taxing people now...
because i have no idea how to make an algorithm that will do this
does dragonite not like bluej
i wanna come back to fun stuff to read
eyan is starting the sequel to jersery shore
forgot about that one
been a little while since auto pin kicked in
oh wait do you mean one that i actually use?
did you even hear a word i said
i did once
meh i hate how all my plans have changed
have fun with the penguins, flubs
i was going to say flubs' current missiles are probably more explodey but i guess not
brb food
is the sea always salty because the land never waves back?
n = o/u
no pink
as long as my pink is unchanged i couldnt care less
yeah because my voice is fabulous <a:rarityflirting:447509240043667466>
i was in a squid?
bc i have reason to
everything looks the same....
oh yeah
had to rewatch my stuff and i did do a good job
i'm sitting here uploading july's videos because that's how far ahead i work because i'm stupid
cool...if only the military was like what it was once wa
that's a little bit gross
but didn't you already graduate
i must say, it is rather amusing to be looking for an enemy that turned invisible and then finally when they turn visible again they're having a seizure on the floor due to the paralysis thing
time for new friends yes
oh no
oh yeah, it's officially gay month
relatable
im doing a rare editing stint so ill join later, probably
and you arent even told what is incorrect,just that it is "incorrect"
should be
im gonna work on this spreadsheet for like 10 mins and then bother gummy about starting up another conversation
missed the rest of stream, apparently. oh well.
i broke through the part on the left but still
it was literally the same stuff you had already learned
also that separation makse sure you dont have any of the old stupid or edgy shit you put on the old one
racist
albino umbreon
what
nice
noms natewantstobattle
that song is describing me piece by piece
gummy be nice
i want to sleep, but i dont want to sleep
that counts
im vlogging now guys
primaries
new jersey
gummy i thought i told you to leave your fishing pole at home
did someone say bluej
you should know im a brony
meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh
personally, for me i would never even bother with the dock if there's a cable charger
good job
i honestly don’t like muk
and only 1 line of ghost and dragon types; i never liked that
because those are funny
for me
i probably shouldn't get too far into it but to give you an idea there was one hitler fan a few months back
i thought it was that some assholes got lazy and just sent the fucker to the future
taking latin 4 next year then ap latin
a good assassin relies on air existing around them
im a rogue with max dexterity and proficiency bonus in stealth. no one catches me
hence parameter in your lungs
temportal nightshade
and we learned how to graph them on a graphing calc
my bot is being developed in java.
can it be done in java?
shh questioning it only makes it stronger
mommy works too
bella we are nerding
well yeah
rc gets what life is all about
yeah i assume it was you with that one as well lol
why?
i am making bios for each pokemon lol
im bored
id make a darwin project video but it doesnt work well with shadowplay
no thats star geezeers
i've seen ads on neither cause a) i use adblock and b) i don't use twitch
(long pause)
(sarcasm)
anything that is 50% or over is a pass
is that saurkraut?
you cant punish a student who doesnt give a shit about school
darn asshole can’t vc with me while i film
hey drago
im gonna stop doing that one day
for us
help i forgot to switch onto my non-speedrunning version of the game
we lost to the toilet of the major leagues
this time i said something along the lines that she would get fired less than a day
psst, i know you who are. hail sithis
i wonder what dragonite's dietary councellor tells him during their meetings
and im quite sure that the failing grade was a 65
how convenient
damn thats pretty...okay
in xenoblade or pokémon or skyrim
oh, that’s my day tomorrow
go home
i am always busy now
check back in like a month once i actually get some of these things carried over
i mashed 1
and that game uses a butt ton of real songs
only here master
truly the ultimate pokemon adventure
posted a thing in blackbird
idk master is the guru of names
see he's ready
tastes like licorice
12 more days until the old gum turns 18
i'm biased, it has the word princess in the title
i have no idea what to do all summer
im watching the news about a killing husky
actually
also did you level up recently?
is that right outside the window?
while master is doing teh maths im also doing math lul
the <:kappapride:379352530863521792> pe teacher
woah
im lucky enough unpaid gigs count as service
and im hungry
things i do to watch the new pony episode
huh, no scratches. i should go play with the rabbit again today.
ohhh i see
woah is that pixelkmon
beep boop
i didn’t
the blue jays are winning but it's against the orioles so it doesnt count
i know
well too bad
the russian army mostly had peasants as troops, they only had 200,000 regulars
you can't tell the future? what are you? a level 17????
<:doit:334014889137930240>
fast food
wont this just slam my face into the ground
who said we were driving?
(just testing stuff)
she was still following me in boolean but was stuck on the platform for like 80 load screens
or 4
squid you're slacking on your job, you're supposed to give out baconators to people
my picture was flipped, but i changed it to something else a couple months ago. and now back to this because i didn't have the original saved
thank
i just got back onto discord
it was in the baconator that you ate, majestic
jokes on you i'm on summer break
and then questioning why he's doing any of that work
anyways where was i?
he blew up back then because of an algorithm change.
with the whole "the only people here"
beep
dont even attempt pink. it will destroy you
stop making me feel old .-.
most of us do
gummy stop getting deatroyed
dont get dragonite started on faces
*throws a blanket over flubs head* shut up
"we need to talk,i want to despise other people"
again
woah now no need to cuss
since i essentially finished it today lol
whats the difference between gum and marshmello?
honestly, the only game that i’m looking forward to out of what microsoft showed was fallout 76. but i’m just waiting for bethesda to give more information on it
bethesda isn't dumb, they know announcing something like 76 so close to 4 with no tes would stir some shit
also, i got the kh1 platinum trophy the other day
in other words, i'll buy it when it's cheap and hackers figure out how to hand out money
the fuck you mean 3 am?
didnt reply to me in modlog either...
animal man is gummy’s son? <:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
bully
not my fault apparently the pope hates me so i’ll just take napoleon to rome and loot it
so i have a bunch of tears that when i fire them stay in place until i release fire, and then shoot off as vortexes of death lasers and hell magma that explode
its a very fun game
we’re a small group
and really shitty
master you officially have too much time on your hands
beef?
well i mean you dont have a youtube chanel
you can play wow by yourself too
for the people that could survive in guantanamo bay
i'm from the days when online gaming was in its infancy
(◕ ε ◕)
guys
but i need my analytics
hello there
or youll be alive, if you call that living
on switch
sleep now or something bye
now time to plan out something really stupid that im going to do
gummy, i will beat any toxic narcissism out of you so help me god
you travel to sovengarde to kill alduin and eat cheese
the stream chat is going nuts right now.
not in that order
but still i'm hyped!
also i'm pretty sure pokémon is the reason why they're waiting till december to release smash
or try to hit from far away
no part
also did i say 47? i meant 147, i missed a digit
did nintendo actually say anything about pokémon? because twitter is strangely devoid of pokémon
<:seemsgood:327307864463114250>
honestly it's probably not work reading too much into it
i get that its an engineering course so it has to use the imperial system but i dont think the imperial system ever gave grades on a scale of 0-9
math126 (pre-calculus i) midterm
of course ive only seen like 4
it just was pointless at the same time
i don't think it was bad.
i'm not crying
i can understand why people might see it as more of a port than a brand new game
i still have my wii u as a paperweight
for not being faithful to the original
what about double dash?
i know but being excited for a game they like and not being excited for a game they dont like doesnt really make them hypocrites
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
nope
my brother in law got me chrono trigger
so, not only did nintendo have their splatoon and smash bros tournaments today, but apparently fortnite has something going on. ~~we can clearly tell what everyone would want~~ <:kappa:374346980136058893>
e3 was fuckin boring
i just love this movie
and this was just from me reading a fan site; i never heard him say anything from himself
good job 🎉
destroyed 8 ships and captured 2
i’m pretty sure there won’t be as much story and stuff in it
also, squid,
what do you expect me to do with a bowling ball
we own the land, we own the planet
then what gives us the ability to claim ownership that the dinosaurs couldn/t
function flubslogic(){
yeah people have to agree the land is yours. which you prove with a deed
the gamecube was my childhood
ok, it looks like the octo expansion does have a midnight release. 😑
dragonite are you in the steam beta?
bug/ghost.
haha, yup
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
you should get it, it's really fun but insanely addicting
and that was a decoy house. for the times that someone might blow it up
just like me
the portuguese man they killed 1:6 of my army
since the rest of my troops were in russia i was forced to sign a peace treaty...i hate the portuguese
majestic spaghetti is overthrowing the bourgeois
i'll arrange for that
its my extended family's annual summer meetup. which means i die tonight.
slap them
it's yelling
requirements for a pin
i have one cousin who plays pokémon
flubs bad news
i said me lol, i'm in pre supreme calamatis
flub flub
yeah i call bullshark on that
~~don’t~~ blow it up <:kappa:374346980136058893>
eh, just leave him against the wall, he'll be fine
muskets though
i'll probably never touch an mmo
no you cant
the menus in smash 4 were a mess imo
never before in my adult life have i looked so forward to the holidays lol
it’s poisoned with something
hey, i was going to eat that chicken thigh
smash 4 menus weren't the best.
how many curses are seven lettrs
its been free
oh hey it's rainy
so is unity and unreal
i'm just a blue organ so you don't see me much obviously
~~don't answer that~~
and more often then that, i'm bored
hehe
tends to be how people eat yeah
i'm just more active so i can attain red galoer and be haopy
so my teeth hurt today so i had to rely on swallowing most of my food
hes mine for now
this is true lol
and, demon lord is like 23?
wait 4 years, in the meantime pretend i am
i've never even heard your voice which is pdd
persona stuff, you probably wouldn't like it there lol
anything after that is when common sense died in it's entirety
and i've heard will as well
or did i just miss it
yay rc too
also as it happens they're not losing but it's only the third inning so there's plenty of time for things to go wrong
ε=ε=ε=ε=ε=┏(;ﾟдﾟ)┛
do it you wont
whats this thing called a permit lol
i really wanna go get some chick fil a
do it you wont
waiting is for the weak
ionic or covalent?
e!crash
wait, gummy is into dark-skinned waifus?
i agree
stucky flubsypoo
there's like ninety five conversations going on at once in here and i can't hear any of them
do you want my drugs?
what isn't happening?
it's a self identification thin
thank you famsquad
hi willie
i'm on that one, than i stopped
how's the weather there
4th? palace?
good point lol
but i'm also playing
whats the funny name for holes on violins that applies here
okay your good
explosion person?
i hate these lights
my lights turned off ahhhhhh
even i do that sometimes tbh lol
i muted you
5 gals you killed my morale
technically.
i wouldve been 14 at the time as well lol
;c;gj
after party oh man
im supposed to  have $240, but i only got $200
guys my doggo hit his head on the wall while sniffing like i crazy
also yes kugal
make fun of my videos ida
i watched a dude rob a gun store on liveleak yesterday
have we ported it to grills?
it scares the everloving shit out of me
well ida did say she didn’t know what i sound like and now she does
but my finger slip so it was jk
what>
<:rarityflirt:447907828187922452>
welp didn’t win anything from the scratch ome
it uses location so it would for you
don't be an undesirable person
am i undesirable?
guess i better take benny out again
rounding is hard
twitter
just gotta figure out drago’s bday and troll him im twitter that day
i had a good bday though besides not winning anything on my scratch ticket
very bad
its fine as long as you keep your socks on
neither can i
you could have done something like this
england
18 in alberta, manitoba, and quebec
because i cant go there so its dumb
but it’s good
is london the one in france or england
history's for nerds
i wanted to go to antarctica
ok, how many times have i died now?
you know im not going to let you compliment new jersey to that degree
oh so you went to the not populated places
wait
your state sucks drago
so if the sun were to explode that would be a literal disaster
i just don’t like the large jump in levels
that's what they all say
random stuff
any cooked pasta is good
i hate friendship
like honestly there are better ones than ours
i knew flubs was addicted to cocaine
static shock and the zeta project
what would the baby look like though
hello there
okay what about west virginia
and no teen titans is not in the dcau
theres no second place in running. theres first and theres last.
help i cant stop eating ice cream
wait is the flash dc
just a general hatred for life, y'know, the usual
its a collection of sabers from fallen jedi
no kappa. what does it stand for
i'll turn on mee6 to announce that till you figure it out
or whatever the fuckin quote is
does anyone want to write my presentation on why computer science should be taught in elementary school
oh you talk and you lie and you drink all our mead, now i think its high time that you lie down and bleed
i could keep it on a different desk but i’d want to keep a theme and i don’t think a desk from the 1800s would match anything else i made or bought
/aah
yeah i didnt think so either
the continents of whatnow
my teeth hurt
wanna hang today
eyan streamed yesterday and probably will next week on friday
you think thats weird
i was barely able to pay attention to yesterdays stream my schedule has been not so flexible
i play the spreadsheets
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
‘tis treason?
i wasted about an hour of my life on league and gave up on it
never use it
it has crashed my rune pages at least 5 times now
e!kill master
and when you mentioned floats on pc ratings, we just use mod sets for that
the continents of my mom
there we go
more or less
i didnt do beans to the user join event, that's all on you
no youre not
we're all in voice
booleanreduction counterargument: no
dont you know anything else that could be useful?
good point
lol i watched a funny video
you did your first one for free
again
i thought it was popular
okay why was i watching beyond scared straight all night?
i thought he was a bunny
f is for atmas for my darius build
because she was cute in your eyes maybe
you arent making sense
wahluigi
thanks
thats the spirit
i've been enjoying xenoblade 1 but i don't plan on playing any of the later games
good job
great
i said harder, not less hard
hi, i'm your mom, i'm everyone on here's mom
yeah well for a physical copy that's cheap lol
nope
niall? i agree, best emperor
im assuming this is all weeb shit
im equestrian not canadian
i will cut you
shouldnt you have a few med bags for each of the major staypoints?
also i only live like 45 minutes away from the us
this ones ok
why doesnt it give a preview
it's not like it's cold all year long xd
no i hate it
i'm inside flubs' head
it has been requested that we route this conversation over to <#311411150611021824>
i was surprisingly popular in high school
i can ignore the sounds and listen to the words
and by that dragonite means we've had that pokémon gen wars talk like 20+ times already and people are sick of it
zeus got it on with a lot of women didnt he?
there can be two moms, jesus christ it's 2018
the newest few at least
want me to re-route it to algetty?
well yeah
classic barry
why are there builds?
i type in supergummying and it goes to you
i need a hobby
you have failed
gummy wheres my bag
msgs here
but yeah i can afford one i should get back into gun care
honestly thats kinda smart
sorry deci
thats why my picture is luigi dabbing
it does
i bought it to give the creator money
last time i used a credit card on steam and other places
is there a final exam for speech?
the old man from pawn stars has died
yeah he was like one of the only authors i read wililngly since harry potter ended
legs are good for things even if you cant use them
why must it be really active when i’m busy?
weird
flubs is your dog superman
nicholas the second was a dumb ass
sorry gummy is just rubbing off on me
oh boi, sneaky back at it again with another cosplay
oh, and stephen is going to meet mal in canada for something
well i've got some years to go
hai majestic
she is awesome
oh boy
im just hoping my group members got 100% too
im at the part where we know shes gonna get dead but she probably isnt gonna get dead because plot
because time paradox
same
or barry as a character, idk which. either way hes a dick
we want mario 64
aight cool so explain how season 3 ends
and nothing but
and future
couldn't get into it, don't know why
i figured out why she didnt eat this one
yeah because they suck
the day we decided to flip off some dude over the big water
but only because
i guess you have been though. bad gummy.
july 12 is when i first met you and bunni
i dont play it nearly as much as i used to but it's probably still my favorite franchise overall
you already have all you want from previous events as well
july 12th will be one year of me meeting flubs and bunni
oh yeah thats true bella. we can just get him fired and still get paid.
do we though?
i'll give you 10% of my check
you wouldnt have to dread going to work there ever again
if you feel like traveling halfway across the country or something
but that's just a part of life
i lose and lose
solving in general is my cup of tea
he’s 8 pounds
the exam looks like fun
hee hee, gummy said "butt"
now that i think about it i can probably extend the hello there interactions a bit more
```i like all boobs! all boobs are good boobs```
vista
it just amazes me what people come up with
```_pokes ida with a stick_```
i wonder how many of those are in there
it is, and i'm winning
hey man just because you cant get hired doesnt mean you cant make money
im sharing memes with friends
i apologize for my rant there, i just thought i should express myself
now it's a civil war
but if hes animal and man but man is animal is he animalanimal or manman
i am the senate
manman sounds like a good superhero
idk, try poking him or something
good
foooooooooooooooood
who said i was making steaks?
_looks at bella_
divert 1% of bird game to d.js
also my video editing job got delay
no worse
wanna hang tonight?
4000 pieces just means it'll last longer
thought you had it on the floor
whats the old folks home
they might've changed a few things since than.
do you not know what a stoner means?
<:keepo:327304799919800321>
and its almost been a year since the best day of your life
such is the way of htings
i like music
well camelot 2,0
drago gummy called you crazy
but it really isnt that bad
no no kill the old people. old people hold jobs and say mean things so just remove them from the equation
chautauqua
....
i mean itll happen to all video games that get popular eventually, it's just a matter of when
my bacon for baconators...
or a glock
you know what
even when you don’t like someone you shouldn’t say it out loud
welp
boom
but you wouldn't last
did alienware glue those in or some shit?
<:ironic:307345212328509442>
master
the case i have rn i got for free from brad
upgrade
there is still a new motherboard and power supply
nice
ram is good for me as well
im going to end up blowing something up
animal man you should really get that autocorrect checked out
i just saw that
case upgrade which requires new power supply and a new motherboard
anyway im going to be in an automobile for three more hours. master know any good shanties?
two front usbs won’t work since there isn’t enough power ever since the hard drive upgrade
all i want is a new case, power supply, and motherboard
you want side window?
except for like the crash one (me)
except for the time i recorded b roll for something while waiting for the professor
if it says am3 or am3+ it wont work with intel
not really
what formular?
good to know
cpu model?
i even check the max rotation and it was set to 360
mmkay
my sanity
spring and fall have allergies though
mom wasn’t supposed to go with dad and sister to the city but i guess they did
but i had no clue it was called super tower
is it valuable stuff?
spring and fall have allergies though
no just 55 million and what i would buy
thanks, i mean i think i can reach it since video premieres count as streaming
holy fuck
la familia went to italy a few years ago
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
hey guys want to know the dumbest thing i ever did?
does he actually have the following to warrant fighting back?
didn’t see that much yesterday
and now i believe someone’s dog is barking at them
then eat
i meant the former best friends list
then again for some odd reason i went from hating rc to actually liking him
that gummy is crazy?
drago sounds like a robot
the old sg one that didnt make me stay in compact mode?
but sister is probably going to want to play fallout and that requires the same screen and i'm too lazy to commandeer another television
well this is the other super tower on this site
no gummy
how come i still do?
oregano, thyme, rosemary, basil, and majoram
yay single buddies
whats the most savage way you can destroy their entire faith in their faith?
of teeny tiny pizza
now that youre full start bombrding them with questions about inconsistencies in the bible
im done fooling around, if master wants the bot's game to be something useful i'll let it be something useful
oh please i've done and said worse, now i wanna hear it
also marksmen aren't bot laners anymore
oh i called one of the mods in a server "favourite little mod"
there's no max level anymore
you aren't even on the list
got th modding yet?
<:treason:396483914803445761>
i am the most crazy
i wanna get the duck blown up by the ship
can't believe wob found a loop hole through rule 8
*throws the sentence out the window* i suggest you start over
im actually psychopath level according to both online and irl people who know me well
ooo another pokemon argument
enemies (drago) and peoplei despised (drago)
i mean im doing it im third person
teaching the bot to sing is the best thing i ever did
and guess what you aren’t in it!
i got a sword
why is the rum always gone
i meant acorn gun
i want the roleplay
imma break something
xenobald
i want rum right now as well
perhaps he always had a destiny, but sometimes destiny can use a little help..or even an argument"
panda and squid sound similar...
the irony of that.
thats what i have so fay
whatever you say fantom
｡･ﾟ･◝( ◕ ヮ ◕)◜･ﾟ･｡
what i should be doing: taking the dog for a walk
how have you not gone insane yet?
:ya da:
gummy the south pole is not the equator
reroll that dream
would have taken me days at home
i am angry
wait
you rang
subway
is that <:treason:396483914803445761> i see
six perfect for tampa bay
fineee i;ll ask ida
im not sure if that's how it works
you need more
he’s my new best friend
bunny would probably just chew on the cards
thats why i asked you about the writing to a file in java
....
what smirk?
whee
big brother feature
you always agree with me
it’s fun <:keepo:327304799919800321>
well i could always drag ida in the roleplay
but i want to know how fallout ends
where is luckyskarm?
intel® core™ i9 7980xe (18-core, 24.75mb cache, up to 4.4ghz with intel® turbo boost max 3.0)
how are we boring?
editing an advertising video for him
well
case should come tomorrow or wednesday
okay the bot can mention people but i've trained it to not in most circumstances
i don’t wanna video edit
but um
im not complaining
dead yes
my stuff came
and there was one more?
we're all friends with a guy who has 270k but that doesn't make us popular now does it
ever since he collab and made friends with people
drago's forum friends got the boot
1327 for me
i think i know a place
i'd rather end up as mortal enemies
why do you think i leave this place all the time?
oh hes offline
do we call him dragobro?
burn your phone
i tried that too
that’s pretty much it
'; /                          5555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555563 m                          50..7uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu858965555\\\\\\\\\\\/
i just got baned
so is renpy
i embrace the magic
the serailzable shit?
hmmm
30 mins later
he’s a great guy
so, i never fixed that bicycle tire because dad has the hand pump that i need to refill the inner tube. so i had to walk 2.5 mi home in the 95 degree heat in a black shirt because i'm smart and have lots of fore sight.
never heard of him
also still not going to be active here for god knows how long so thats fun or something
nobody does
i'll fix it some other day. for now, code.
i'm only in one server that has a nsfw channel
what server?
/r/history
you can guess which one this is
she's a princess who wants to be left alone or doted upon and loved intensely, no in-between
i have my own bad counter this time around
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
*takes cat and runs* i want a cat
have you injested enough of your namesake
i need to get in my pc again
update: patch broke when i put the tire back on the wheel. fingers too sore to try a third time. skipping bike ride today.
why's that?
while others say i don’t
k both hard drives are good
the chimchar was my starter in one playthrough of platinum. i think it was during my trip to disney world in 2010
now to move the processor over
that’s just a toaster
youtube recommends dogs getting tased videos
they're good for your health
the ending part is what bothers me most ~_~
basically meaning he/others don't care whether or not people see what he's reading based on cover art.
like this
what about those bean boozled ones?
(๑•͈ᴗ•͈)b
oh finnaly
dont be silly, i only do those when my brother is at school
guys let's just face it, eyan streams when he has time
dont nom
be grateful.
flubs is like dead
windows products
the royal navy is better than winter
other than that summer is brilliant
you know what? that's like the third time in as many days that i've posted osmething to the wrong server
hang on
that's something i never though i'd say until last year
i fell off the ether mine a good four or five times
what am i going off on
in this windy old weather
im an expert
what is the music of life?
what is the gift of death?
well
rainy here
that's a rear wheel drive car on a dyno (a tool used to measure power output in a car)
whats your point?
asking for help or asking people to stop dying is apparently a bannable offense
its summer, who tf is giving you homework?
pretty much.
i am more insane than everyone here
a person just posted a pic of his pc and damn that liquid cooling looks amazing
but made with science
and they did great though was hard through discord
get rainy to talk to you
well you better send pics
every ten levels
scrub
it was just interesting to look back
that should speak for itself
its easy
lucky you
thats how everything breaks
i got attacked by a rabbit
give me a dollar
dardoch is a bish
whoa sneaky back on c9's stage team
reboot first
that isn’t pony base
thinkingface
you are in france
im actually really surprised
so im kinda like you now
theres no way i havent mentioned that
i mean uh
417 days or 14 months or 1.14 years or about the average time it takes for someone to climb out of bronze
var spl=message.split(" ");
anyway i looked at the code and it should be okay, since it checks `message.tolowercase().includes(refstring which is already lower case)`
we figured it out
                if (spl.length>=2)
no bad
~~we’re all just crazy~~
hey master i'm bored and it's too early to make food, tell me something to do with the bot
fuck yeah
and even though you sniped me in saying that i'm gonna type it anyway
i was trixie last week
i hate mobile keyboards
good job benny (๑•͈ᴗ•͈)b
gummy, you really need to read a book on how to make good insults
well, you’re no help
bari
i am
it hasn't kernel panicked yet anyway
r.i.p. grozard “swormswood” and eletux “elle-ectro”
noooo i just lost two pokémon in a nuzlocke
nope i was gone
that translate to 
alright, same
im having heat stroke again
really?
that sounds amazing, bella.
the one you gotta watch out for is gummy, aka rarity, or whatever he's calling himself right now
when was this?
turns out no....
howdy fellow frands
no this is more like a basic tourney with friends
apprantly so.
they supported the snes for quite a long time actually
welcome to the world of airplanes
i’ll take his apology as a surrender
or lewdness
whenever my dad runs out of storage space on his phone his solution is to say "put it on a flash drive" and then never do jack shit about it
gonna get led out by security at magfest
because it will cost $2000
and it only really gives you the bonus ad for the brief time frame when you're in combat.
over your dead body
~~maybe i just felt like sharing them~~
oh that reminds me
never book a flight for next day
im still single, and this is the first time in my life where i'm legit kinda sad about it so there's that
if so try warframe next
you make it sound like skyrim
video games
i proposed to her yesterday but realize you were suppose to do that way later
nice nice
play total war
but i found someone even though she is the same one that tried to force me to be trans
i won the wat
i've never traveled by plane and i hope to never really need to, or travel in general
also star wars is ending in 2019
it's not hard
yeah
and took power for himself
she just said the office
because it sucks
then i will borrow it
that’s a guy who needs a haircut
@ rainy
i was inform by my mom
well at least we know its an int
bella
flubs only has left hands
i challenged him to a duel
people are gonna be idiots online
i fight dirty
you can slap gummy with it
there are many ways to check a problem
i know
i did this same exact way i did another similar problem but im getting results that dont make sense
my calc was in bloody radian mode
697.0 then
guess who almost typed their brokerage account id and password into discord again
alright
that sounds like a once-ever-five-year event
cats decided to make me play contortionist in bed for 2 hours
gotta love having a monopoly on mideival bitcoin
it is
yeah thats what i thought when it ran on hotel wifi
why is gummy a fridge?
i tried to scare them
welcome
i sleep at 2
you hook the rods onto the enemy or boss and it deals damage every period of time as determined by the weapon.
nvm you aren’t old enough to drink
probably wont be finished with my work and workout in like 3 hours but thanks haha
they will
0/10 connection skills discord
last night was on the complex plane and demovire's theorems and today is about vectors and ellipses
~~in english?~~
alright
did i hear history
btw side tangent i saw someone wrongly say "i believe in you" and said "i believe at you" and i refuse to say the correct way
they could actually turn out to be someone you might not like so it’s a safer option
relationships are always hard if youre not 100% ready to be in a relationship, or not sure how to approach it
stop being picky
well
what the fuck
alright heres an easy one
when you do it you just come off looking like a dick
until you realize you were being an idiot
but it was trending on twitter
ooh we talkin bout exams
i don't know
~~i think throwing him out the window would be better~~
i heard the mets lost 25-4 the other day
im shoving off for the night don't etc. the place down bye
there was a 2017 gummy?
i ate it
also, my opinion on video editing is that, why learn video editing when you can put the time into learning something like photoshop
my favourite mod wanted us to be a trio
imma dinosaur
this was the girl i told you about that force her old bf to be transgender and me
what
it's like drago 1500 and gummy 8
drago my heart is not for you
imma slap ya
so you will never marry sarah?
you aren't taking my throne
<:gwdogawoophotoblob:402874215759609867>
acceptance
im at the nicest ive ever been in my life
i was suppose to love him
someone eli5 what the point of league is
um you can't do anything though
that is um that is me
idk what you are talking about
i can't picture serious gummy for some reason
remember
shes pretty much an objectively bad person but thats ok
which will be ida
good idea
never met him
hmmm well i am tired master
also i am breaking wedding traditions
when you get back
i like your great grandpa already
or something
kinda. we get along
oh dear
```java
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
flubs youll be dead before we extract gas let alone have permanent settlements on another plane
they did but they were affixed to the walls
something you did to me
traitor
gummy, plug yourself in. you’re ruining the orange juice
thats like half of a train's interior for one section of the thing
needsmorejpg
okay let the birds eat it
i feel like gummy rates games based on whether or not it has muskets in it...
fiiiiiiiiiine
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
hello rc, you’ll really like phantomrc
i still have yet to be pinned
<:thinkingsteps:396534879833292810> 
they even put that in sun and moon
i am gonna clean it
3 in a half years ago
yes rc.
i really want this pirate game
i found chocolate chunks in my keyboard
thanks
im nervous about this podcast
and food crumbs in it
and then it kicked me out
want some chocolate chunks?
"water wont work because its *somewhat* water *resistant*"
ask negative gen 6 questions
i’m back from work ya ninnies
and bad news
why would i be a home
drago
gummy it's too early in the morning for this nonsense
that should be an option
good news i get to meet her irl sooner than expected
see my stomach is not my weakness
i got a new mission
and either way arguing is a sign of a healthy relationship, not an unhealthy one
lets see how long this lasts before mee6 flips it back
soon enough that collection's gonna have an integer overflow or something
he also has a pretty extensive wikipedia page
drago
flubs i don't like you
im shoving off bye
or go
lower cost making + higher cost selling  = more profit
theyve done pretty fuckin well
what in god's name is going on in here
most peoples first phone is an iphone
but its been a while since i've had a full load of courses to deal with so
flubs
they deserve it though
lately i've noticed i dont really procrastinate assignments but i'll procrastinate everything else like my daily stretches for example
brb then
i don't think so
i'm calling the canadian equivalent of the fbi to put a giant magnet on your hard drive
or literally just mythra
by smashing a keyboard
zeke von genbu, chaotic bringer of chaos
but at the same time no
who said it didn't?
function factorial(x){
if wages scaled like they did in the 50s
isn't that just like
holy shit you did
```
yea prety much
same until warframe
   return (x>1)? x* factorial(x-1):1;
<:feelsbadman:327312260970315823>
}
league is good
why not
alright now that you have that out of the way go play warframe
alduin plush
dont think so
i could have install windows 2000
those last two lines are contradictory
i can't watch this anymore
yea squiddy ya silly goose you
what?
but my brain explodes every time i try
flubs is a smart.
do you have a mic stand?
so i take it magfest is a pretty big convention in terms of crowd size
shake me
lies and slander
maybe it is
imma tackle drago at magfest
splatcord
welp, i've corrected some incorrect intuition now so i'll retake the practice test in a bit to see how i do with the correct way to approach problems i first got incorrect
oh god the intro
planes were sturdy
man i may love muskets
thanks
ヽ( ｡ ヮﾟ)ノ
or solitare
he doesnt play often though so i get it. im pretty sure he just walked into the encampment and lost
man i love war
but when i teach you
instead of taking the bus
whiskey?
laptop?
yes laptop
25 minute work on highway
if you never hear from me again you can conclude i was axe murdered
i have no idea what that is 🎉
sorry gummy
no idea
well drago
it’s not too old
hasnt he been close to evil from the beginning?
also thing
god damn it he's been infected also
no i meant something akin to this type of it
that's like
the relatively saine weekly version
im gonna try weekly next
nice
which is probably honestly worse for the floor at the bottom than your feet
no but that was the last thing we were talking about and i couldn't be bothered to remember what makes graphs that looks like that
i had given up on it, but my brother started watching it so i would sometimes turn around and see it
and the newer episodes are actually more serious
can the non-affiliates still do highlights?
thankfully rhino helps a lot
hey hey hey i duplicated nothing
like, the entirety of the ultra space arc is really really good
oh gosh darn it meesex
its pretty much a video thing
its just an oversight but yknow
i didnt want you anyways
too many password attempts
welcome <:hellothere:305560404715896832>
there is a sub chat <:pogchamp:305560024443518986> lol
i wanted to add another class
you had to do that before?
that's a line they can access
feelsbad
though that one girl is cute
probably because he has to google "most boring way to articulate (x)" for every sentence
yeah i hated the book so im seeing if this is better
i read part of the book and i have to say
i'm still deciding if my eyeballs want to read it though
no downsides.
your favorite team is the chicago cubs!
i have this.
oh cool
link.
i mean like
its best is an idiot
draco you're not allowed to use the internet any more
what's the link there for?
omg drago looks lame
i’m back from work ya ninnies
i ~~stalked~~ had a look at all of my classmates' profiles and i'm the only one who uses github for things besides class
e sharper pointy stick
in 3
i stopped going in december
i have one
college is stupid
6 maybe?
nah go ahead
algebra is fun
that sucks
if you have an interest in squid i'd suggest marine biology
and that was just to test a thing for eyan
no, i have a job and i only use my money. but, they like bitching at me when i spend money on stuff they think is a waste of time
ah, gotcha
that's like the same thing right
it works for me but lemme check some stuff first to make sure it doesn't explode if someone else uses it
thats where the secret money comes in
i'll take that as a yea
if the new program was written properly it doesn't care what the file extension is, and just reads the header data in it to figure out how to parse it
whats that the code for?
oh look it's after one in the morning and all ive done in the last hour is google "whats the point of 4chan"
they won 1 and 3
im actually gonna say 100 thieves
"do you really want these kinds of people on the _normal_ part of the internet?"
which quest?
did google give you the answer you wanted to see
i’ve been lazy and am probably on the last part of the new strange
but update: they saw me blatantly ignoring me, huffed a little, and stopped talking
you mean like stuck in one place until knocked down?
i think i gotta restart my laptop or just log out
yeah
but that really is me
super weird
100 thieves or tl?
so for some reason i decided to look through my teacher's github thing to see what he'd been working on
ヽ( ｡ ヮﾟ)ノ
a little
i like how everyone doesn't even comment on gummy's name anymore
we've just been so used to it to the point where it's just normal.
and no drago
my sister was pousghpigb b[itto'ns on' myu k/eyboaro'd'; he'[lp
which one was the one where... ah shit i dont remember any
oh look it's after 11
he does that in every episode
i was going to make a recursive screenshot of ms paint except paint is being stupid
i already wave a white flag
this is the original video
question answer
shed probably just scream
you said so
\:thinking\:
that's because your waifu is shit
yes to sm
whyyy
ah fuck tomorrows monday
my mom is ready
stream?
yay the light's on that means the battery didn't explode
ahhhhh
unless she's actually a competent person
the supergummying youtube channel will return
so it is
yes, and axes are good at killing pokemon
i need a name
you literally told me to get you banned
notsupergummying
finally someone with some brain cells in this channel
don't forget no wind
i like when ted talk(s)
lesson 1
my theme when i battle drago
i'll beat you in civ and total war
man i’m still wide awake
<:rooisee:430400878302855177>
friends?
man i need better weapons
slee[
isn't tomorrow labor day...?
tsm got knocked out by c9
rhino skin should make that easy tho?
it honestly doesn’t last long sometimes
oh god i glitched the plains
it ended up hitting my leg hard
i do!
oh they're league teams
now im stuck
huh. now im just gone in general
game borders are fun
no you don't
since supergummying is a curse name on youtube
you just can't youtube
drago 1563 gummy 0
she took you down to like 2 pokemon
discords been fucky for me lately. itll say i have a new message but not tell me the server or channel
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
wow flubs you should find a way to make that trick work with money in real life
lemme get back to you on that
the plot's thickness isolates
its not raining, no
sorry.
is it supposed to be raining?
yeah gummy about that
as time goes on i'm starting to get more and more nervous for calc, lol
no it's a convenient life hack that god forgot to remove from the release build
what can it be???
most of what i remember of early calc is basically revolving around the unit circle
that took longer than it should have because photoshop was being a butt
but you will most likely break up before then
i don’t remember anything from calculus senior year of high school
why is gummy benny?
thank you
interesting
oh sorry to hear that
>implying family gets even
no she only has 514 points to your zero
that emote makes no sense a honker is a large fish
i know
are you sure?
oh well i am planning on getting you one thing when i get a job
lies
no, i'm icelandic
tbh mostly it's because i'm not good at vocalizing so everything sounds weird when i say it
only
eh, it might sound like that
either way wossman also said it
yeah, let's go with that
i don't drink coffee
that is dr wossname
<:mhxsleepy:362261093998919680>
is she cute?
i never swear
dont think it works that way
what does it mean to not feel tired
help
i'm streaming gummy, you should throw bits at me instead
i need a new gummy
you make a few good trades and you can probably avoid the grind
how do you pronounce it?
its not the most noble strat but its one that works
<:gwworkshopakashrug:398886014711496714> maybe you're a shower singer who wants to spread his wings a bit
at least it works
gonna need some axi's for that to work first
dragonite give me your creative writing class
sick
gummy wanna go to creative writing for me?
in other cool news
teacher: who knows javascript?
ooooh nice
god damn it
oh wait todays the fifth
dragonite: [is only one who raises hand]
no college for me on thursdays 👀
teacher wouldn't even notice
how dare they
so we by extension are neverlucky
brad and i are in ap physics
university isnt high school
i get up at 5:30 now 😄
about?
well i wouldn't leave either way since this class is hard
physics is fun tho
huh.
press f for kugal
i liked how, in my statistics class, we could bring a notecard with as many formulas/examples as we could put on it for the final. mine was full, front and back 😛
i got 100% on my first stat test so that makes me happy happy happy
i love this university now
fuck no
my pre-calc-2 professor allowed us to have a 1 sided piece of paper for any formulas we could fit, and as much scratch paper as we wanted
also keep in mind i also got dem house chores to take care of
also he allows students to collect data together on laboratory assignments
greetings, bella.
make your own fork of jslint that doesn't judge you.
and drago no
nice
like 20 minutes over due
thats the answer im going with
im gonna get phat
can i visit>
im gonna look at my next calc lesson
for x/x
why does 100%ing a game have to take so long
reminds me i need to do my lab manual.
just gotta get another rare rock as an offering first
sounds like a swell time
okay
nice
speaking of that guy
watch me
but i have stuff to do anyway. feelsbad
as soon as something went into motion it wouldn't stop
next lesson is on limits at infinity
what
from what i've heard and observed
i can see what all of the other students in my highschool are taking as college courses through the dual credit program
i'm not talking about the observable universe. all i'd say is that if the rest of the universe is not observable, why would we come to the conclusion that it's infinite?
excuse you public static main doesn't compile
and when you divide anything by zero you get infinity
keep learning
maybe that was the universe also
i unsubscribed from pbs space time like two years ago because all of their videos were pretty much the same thing
so we can't definitively say it's infinite
and then you have logarithmic intervals as the video professes
i like to think of it more as the boom happened everywhere instead of one spot
i never saw that video but i kept seeing it in my recomendations
unconvinced of what, im confused lol
why do you have so much water?
why the hell was i testing live streams yesterday?
let me go to sleep now
arguably
huh. just finished reading eldest
and apparently the monado had a hidden monado and that hidden monado had a secret dickson that had a hidden monado. and now my head hurts
agreed, anyways, i got a game to play.  stop by my stream sometime, peace.
im slowly moving my desk away from people
yeaaaah...  too bad that uh, didn't work out, lol
do subatomic particles and the void experience boredom?
i'm over halfway through the day
i forgot my keyboard was broken _cri_ can someone at dragonite for me?
draco im going to make _your_ brain hurt
mkay..maky..
thats confusin to me
so i just had an email convo from my prof and he kinda gave me the impression that as soon as im done with math181 i just move onto math182 next semester
oh okay
so yeah
delicate is playing
holy moly
spazzer the great
and how strong they emphasis that course
<:walkthroughwizard:372149588783529994>
some courses last six months
online courses yeesh
im going to walmart today
the guy just had something and went through the backdoor
you're a criminal now delicate
oh dat
hey magus i gotchu sum questions
we have very eloquent discussions here as you can see
well eh
the role
but first index runs all weekend for credits
i use flutter bot
thanks i needed that
welcome home
i think?
oh yeah my dsi had a l button that was perma-on
i joined yesterday
you tell them how fucking wrong that is
oh is nick on this server too?
i feel like there's a bot command for this brb
rip superskarmory.net
thats crazy
but america has more boat
nice
lmao
ok maybe its a *little* bigoted
that's racist
florida wars = seminole wars
yeah and its also much worse. puerto rico sucks now
that sounds like affirmation
imma become a professional poker player
i hope so
or lie down
oh btw here to share a rumor
but the release date for the next update was moved to the 14th
i just finished reading the 7 chapters i was supposed to read by wednesday this week xp
but i think that can actually cause brain damage
seems like besides eyan
once done with these league games gotta farm reactant
what the fuck
yeah that won't work
nice. i sold my nyx prime neuros finally
i've taken 42 pages of notes in the first chapter of calculus, wow lol
this leson goes over first, second, and third derivatives...cool
submitted my second calculus assignment. i hope the professor likes it
i don’t get how, last time i exported a 35 minute video, it took a little under 2 hours to export. today, it’s only going to take 50 minutes instead.
wtf why do i have 82 plat now
are you eating a subway in a subway?
hey subway is good
air is stupid
have fun with that
only the splodiest memes for us
kill 42 with finishers without going down
not rn
hello new person
he’s our math boi
but i brought wolf
hello
oof mauling citizens is fun though.
(guys i think the new guy is a perfect replacement for me)
what happened
hmmmm
friend
(i am officially retiring)
gummy is replaced
_dangles treat in front of spazzer's nose_
also make sure you give blitzypoo ding dongs
jazz hands
no you cant
you lied
i can now
i crossbreeded the explotatoes with corn and made none exploding ones
silly gummy
i would insult dragonite
he did
solve p=np
see ya gum
"258 in an 8bit system"?
as x approaches 0 of 3+x, the value of 3+x will be 3
no clue
isnt that the one thing with triangles
pat friend?
they have to
yeah i know about the check thing but not the other crazy stuff
yeah no
there is a solution
that wacky character is a radicand
or the existence sign?
probably
why not use +
it can but it will revive if people are still alive
whats 0^0
yea pretty much
ok so like what level is this math that im learning here
i always had a hunch
i have a question
says you
i used to be smart you know
yee?
when would you ever use long division
well
an argument in 5th grade
which could approach one
me too
like geophysics for a magnetostatics course
so yep
computers usually cant handle a lot of errors
it varies so much from place to place i dont even know
government owned
welcome to canada
and you *pay* for it to be harder
nope
like longer vacations
sure. if youre a ceo you get millions, low taxes, and you can do whatever you want
thats so weird
so more corporations get involved
free healthcare
jesus christ
but your credit rate is in the 800s
every year
they make a lot of money
back to volt i go
you want mine?
now to roll it
aw that was short
youre asking me to change chairs, find the thing, come back, switch chairs again, and then talk hushed like so i dont wake sarah up
if you plan on using melee weapons at any capacity
"i am definitely my boyfriend" -gummy just ow
yeah
tony stark
~~the salt lick.~~
~~i knew ida was never really a human~~
~~lizard9000~~
to sleep
fuck you mom
what gave it away?
my homework can suck an egg becuase i now understand this stuff
awww cat
i'm hungry
i'm your mother, of course i'm of age
seemsgood
what
checkmate
help flubs
ida is mine
anyone feel like grinding for lith in a few minutes
no clue
good lord
i know that
glad to see you missed me
i was briefly very confused by that statement
one sec
all the surv missions have equal drop rates
im getting close to having enough for all frames
do you still need any mesos?
works for me
thats a no go
am doing a calculus lesson
i'm in a karaoke
being social is the worst
i need to think of a better symbol for g in my crypt
in what context?
great now i have some racer's life insurance
<:lul:305559915714576385>
so you went into some rando's house and they told you it was pizza and you believed them without doing any prior research of your own
that's not so bad
papa john's is bad
absolute zero breaks physics
i didn't want pizza
thats just when everything gets boring
because quantum physics gets weirder the closer we get to -273'16
among other things the heisenberg uncertainty thing sorta stops working because you know the momentum (zero) and you know the position (unmoving)
yeah exactly
yeah that many pa on individual *atoms*
assuming atoms are square which is wrong but its mostly the order anyway
so thats 2.4e-15 newtons per atom
once the uncertainty principle fails
i like breaking physics
the entirety of quantum physics starts get loopy
somewhere
apple products are gross
somewhere
when did i say i wanted a light black hole?
gravity on neptune is only 11.15 m/ss
vanilla chocolate and strawberry
so its a function and not a method, got it
they were trying to find a cure for something else
everything changes mass
volta
discord has been giving a lot of poops lately instead of page previews
is that your final answer
are they also a piñata?
when moving
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  a a aaa   a a aaa          a
you cannot pat me
you're really not understanding the hint
shoulder to shoulder generally
i swear on my grandma's left nostril i've _never_ heard that one before
its healthbar went from 100-0 as soon as the cry for help went down
dragon resists stupid
its not cold enough for skyrim yet
it's a fairy explosion
also pretend to be the reverse flash if you feel like it
red is nicer tho tbh
yes that
but its not midnight yet
legend states of a mythical creature that only shows up in chat every once every x minutes and causes chaos before disappearing for an undefined amount of time
me sleep now
i should just ask if i can get all of the papers for the homework/labs/midterm/final right now and turn them all in next week, and not show up for the rest of the semester
is dragonite still screaming on the floor
1) the programmer first sketched the desired classes, before writing the code seen above.```
holy crap there's a 71% off a 5 pack 100 sheet composition book sale on amazon right now
how do the peoples of zeal do
he knew it too well
though it should be chill
help
to gummy i leave my trash bin
later peoples
i was on my phone and was messing around with stuff
or that gummy consults ida on all matters
i got an email...
seems like somehow i sign using my personal facebook
oh my god
i buy poké balls in lots of no less than fifty because the only thing i can be arsed to do is hit the `down` button on the shop screen and make it underflow to the maximum you can afford
you promised me gummy
yesterday
okay who stole my bagel bites???
how are you typing then
i got a message from tatsu to do my homework but im just wasting time instead
i did not
atlantic
stop messing up the universe, it's unhealthy you idiot
i'm doing my homework
and thats the start of skynet
they can if they try really really hard
did someone say dog?
ive been in the atlantic before and theres no sharks
like wasting time
i dont think
no i set it on fire
you know, i think sometimes it's better when it's not really active
hello there
the moon to where
is that a yes or a no?
someone lost the sign
imma look at my next calculus lesson
holy moly it's a short lesson too
5 pages long, the average lesson is about 10 pages or sometimes even crazier like 15 pages
neato
it tastes like stale nothing
also known as: colds suck
til kugal is outside the universe
you're a plant?
i dont mind english
if you get understood who gives a fuck
i hate freshman and all they are made of
can confirm
and im still horrible
what
what
oh no, now he's ripping off animal\_man\_.
im surprised you found a way to open a box that had no door on it
did it have victory road music?
if there was no uni i'd prolly reach kilwala in one day
work takes away my motivation to do anything
i technically sent someone somethign nsfw once
if i was friends with only emotionally chaotic people
that's all im gonna say on that matter
most of my dms is me either shitposting, having a mental breakdown, or nsfw things
and last night he was having a tough time
so i guess you can throw windows out of windows if you envision the object your throwing out as a window
im just worried that my family will disown me when they find out im dating a transgender
so i'm worried
so think what would happen to me
i'm just complaining about you using an adjective as a noun, tbh
or mugged than shot
so it’s tough for her when her family calls her a guy
welp
mugged then shot
so how is my replacement?
that was the last thing i needed for boltor
didnt i just put you in time-out for wasting food?
kinda
you only blew up the food? that's unusually civilized of you
hmmmmmmmmmmmmm
no it's just a big lava lamp
i had a good response to that but i forgot it
no just the comic pages
im serious
we'll see what happens faster: my beard reaches the floor or you finish sm
slam the door
drago i’ll battle you once i finish streaming ultra sun and moon
like mount and blade
what game can we play together
my dads place had that and it always died loudly and violently
but can thanos convince dragonite's sister to take a cs class, is the real question
oh youre playing dodgeball or something
mind stone: yes
volleyball
my physics teacher roasted me today
that's fun too
there was also pizza and i drank a bit too much lukewarm tea
why is that surprising
also i think i have 20 neo limbo relics
if this was fight club
oh i guess i did
now it'll be pretty
i have fallen asleep with them on numerous times before tho
do people not do that
the best part about that was when i got home
to everyone on the east coast right now, please stay safe and be careful 🤗
i wanna fight andi now
how so
getting assigned an essay on the same day its due
welp
oh shit
it's my home time that's poorly spent, either napping, watching youtube, or thinking to myself "i should stream stuff"
im already used to spazzed making no sense but i dont get what rainy is talkin gabout either
you get an essay and you get an essay and you get and essay and you-
he died from essay overdose
have you tried warframe?
boy oh boy
i dont know if i should be in awe of the internets stupidity or appalled
i dont hear you at all
i'm still here tho
absolute values linearize absolutely
why smelt a katana
on the bright side, this 20 pound chunk of scrap metal is great for working on like muscle stability
is that a quantum mechanics joke
shipping a sword, that is
never trust a bunny
discord stop sucking
you're hearing me
the fifteenth commandment clearly says that `thou shall not put chocolate and tomato on the same pizza`
the latter of the two
raise the air sirens the pants are on the loose
shit not again
no cookie would ever combine chocolate with tomato
where did they run off to this time
thirteen doesnt exist
apologise to google
your job is to beat yourself?
but i like it flubs
what is that?
hold on im turning dead robot zombie hearts into jedi focus points to let myself have better mana regen
like an eagle piloting a blimp
and he like discover gravity
its nice
no idea ive never played it
i can't understand
uninstall it or turn off the phone if you have to
same
i write notes on my laptop for film class
she would be mistress8998
or in university it's different
citrus just got a lot more fun
all the while java being noun.verb().verb().etc.
what happened?
look at these nerds getting sleep
is a service doggo?
flubs
but why would you do that?
or rawr
speaking of which
plot twist i didnt go to bed i stayed up and read comic anthologies for two hours
i got all nostalgic when playing pokemon mystery dungeon when i remembered his old vids on those games. it's nice to see his community still active
also my parents are helping me open a bank account which is cool
something like that
it's been a long time
but no one ever asked for my solution
e!skarm original joke
definitely
as many potatoes as is humanly possible
thats the best name
there are infinitely more solutions where p != np
fuck yeah
he is the largest
also his friend is a fast man with a funny mask
also speaking of getting good at dark souls i hope i can do that soon
""don't quote on me on that" master 2018" - squidofbaconater 2018
oh man i have figured out statcrunch
hes great. he also has an evil twin who makes you eat fire
do you mean patches
abomination of nature
everything
"don't quote on me on that" master 2018" - squidofbaconater 2018 -spazzer the great
now go get a gallom of ice cream\
typically we discuss the bunches of reading we do. really depends on the authors. like we go on about their thoughts on matters important to the time.
nerds
isnt harry potter just the bible but on even crazier drugs?
it's larger than a gallon
i don’t like them either
oh dear bella
oooh
a different read but a good one nonetheless
since we had to pick the book
i read them all way back in elementary. good times
true story apparently
well, more like 2
my first thought was the millenium pyramid or whatever it’s called
they’re more of an elementary/ middle school thing, blitz
the poincare conjecture was probably my favorite unsolved problem to learn about
bite sells for a nice chunk of plat and forma is self explanatory
depending on what you mean on hole, sure
i like this green fellow
or were you thinking yu-gi-oh and you though of the pieces?
here too
friday has ida
that too
its a 3 letter word, do you expect it to never come up in conversation?
its free
squid you are an invention from phineas and ferb
allow me this as a late birthday present
hes a bac*onator* not inator
i was just gonna move it up a bit but that works too
does that count?
it broke like, 4 times?
by then we had evolved past muskets which were fading out over that century in favor of actual good weapons
i discover donations on twitch
that and industrial age was end of colonial and final nail in the mideival coffin
tbh i had some interest in romans, a little greek and egyptians
honestly who needs to remember these things when you can just draw a little picture when you actually have to
oh shit yeah
you should give him all your money
turn my name back to green! pls
you tell me dragonite how easy is it to eat one?
then again i might not, i'd have to add up my credits and see if i can fit it in
kugal why are you in an english class
the introductory cs course is 3 credits
i agree, good point
wouldnt that make it harder to digest
i imagine that's relatable
i enjoy english
do you mean outside my apartment or in general
and?
ok so maybe it was one
that's a noni
it's strong
exponential derivatives are that easy?
what do i do
but then i realize i probably was being mean
last 10 mins of ap physics was throwing around paper airplanes
well go get a cat
is that still a thing
go play with your cat or something
also i like this part of the chart
and pet
idapoo would also work but ideepoo sounds better
whats the advantage of online classes
i thought all moms did this - no not really
better than infinitely bad is still infinitely bad
plus i cant drive cos im a moron, lol
i wish i could say the same
driving is easy
ive brought this on myself havent i
i like that
other names it goes by sometimes sound like "formal logic" if that means anything to you
the list just barely didnt fit on the screen, 255 is discrete math somehow and 256 is linear algebra
wait
wow my stat test today is 5 questions
appreciate it buddy
nope they dont offer math130 😦
100%on stat test woop woop
ouch
nintendo direct just happened
wait
whomst aboot
good
also good job
hooray for books and food
you just answered your own question
i dont want to eat a rock covered in mud
a what did a what and played what and where was i
that's a good amount
drago you have to hear it to know it
you know i said in the literal sense
my goodness
oh cool whens that coming out
anyway, for warframe, i've heard rumors about that going on the switch, so i'm not too surprised with it going on the thing plus it's on every current gen console thus far
i gotchu squid
~~xenoblade x~~
there’s no 2nd “s”
i know mario maker hasn’t
plaaaaaaay something else
master dare i ask _how_ it crashes
so you have to play twenty dollars a year to play a game. why would you do that
but i still think they need their own loveroms/emuparadise type of system instead of what they got for the nes games
they kinda have ongoing costs
im actually rewiring slon to be 2% cleaner
gta v is pretty expensive. now that one is pretty crazy
so why not put your games on the money printer
nice
nice
if its on steam someone is gonna buy it. example: i bought 8 copies of robot rollerderpy disco dodgeball
the only thing about that service that i'm still unlikely to try out is nintendo's voice chat. i know they're oldschool with a lot of their decisions, but a mobile app for online voice chat makes little sense even for their standards
axi s3 and v7, specifically
how do you think that is?
i should just learn to code in my sleep
and the answer checker liked to do things like mark `x=5 m/s` wrong because it was looking for something like `x = 5 m/s`
decisions, decisions
there are too many darn fortnite videos
more or less <:gwovoraphixd:390538507799494658>
fuck it
so i have an english essay tomorrow
just looked at it. it’s crazy how far and wide it hits the east coast
(okay so a half hout later im _actually_ going to make an effort to kick myself off the computer bye)
i just spend my day off doing all of my homework
t=+1 hour and still cant sleep, as per usual
you dedicate one day to homework?
i need problems to invent stuff to solve for a class
hmmm
can you react with both to this message
priorities are s3 and v7
technology has gone too far
give me problems
*slaps roof of cipher* apgt dpewp trebawqq bfdoq horcwhp
he wants us to collect data together and i just wanna do it solo halp
this is nothing.
convert back later
*smacks cipher* this bad boy can block so many people
add me if you want
hes helping me with my resume
am or pm
so how did you decide i would get that one?
i live on the edge
or is that just a random one in my possession?
im up for grinding now btw
new pokemon looks amazing
eh, i'll do it tomorrow
estimated time to takeover: 6-10 years
look at the picture
greece
thats the time that matters
remember how i joked about doing my homework a half hour ago? i still havent started
i got a good insult
learning games
fair enough
nope
so much frigging effort
he wouldnt take the thing with him
today i learned that dippin dots has its own cereal.. :
who's good with computers here btw?
whatcha up to
aqua relic grinding?
and again it won't stay in the middle of the screen when i drag it there, and reopen it
with nothing to play it on because when i suggested i get the ps2 that was $10 more than it instead and i told her i only had one game she said to get another game
because windows 7 is great and windows 8 and windows 10 aren't.
i really need a better rhino set up 🤔
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
watch as it's amiibo festival deluxe
no effect
nope
i need a sister that fits under my category
why is that even a question
oh the horror
if i ever make fun of your code style again just remind me that you have a twelve-year-old sister
your dog making cat noises
me hungry
my hearing is pretty bad
more like that microsoft charges $100 per year for their software
all the other days are just night, for there is no sun
also t=+3.25 hours and still cant sleep
spazzer you haven't lived until you've beaten games that are older than you are
like how there’s a venom movie without spider-man
i had no reference so i thought they were good
flubs
emo spiderman.
barely <:roothink:399827523581771796>
demon lord stop being old
speaking of skyrim
i swear to god axi s3 only starts appearing at night
panda stop
the sad part about me gambling is that this is actually more fun than the game itself...
"cane" -> [kayn]
it's from that one berenstein bears book
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
which is very tiny but almost looks vaguely familiar
you shant be forgiven
<:gwnonaismug:373159826525519872>
hmm, bella's not muted that is quite the rare sight
i mean water can be synthesized as a product of cellular respiration and stuff
i guess i'll just have to live with this minor annoyance
i too like panada's
twitter is the best social network there is, but that's like saying that
good job windows
did someone say chickens
i actually updated right after the update since it failed to install an update
flubs i love how worked up youre getting over this
update the update
hey master fun fact: you're at least 85% of the fact i don't believe in the pc master race
bye pnada
you should joint he party
demon lord why must you encourage gummy thus
if i wasn't so lazy i'd dig out the discord join/drop sound effects and then play them infinitely into my mic just to confuse you
and also the first kirby game but that doesnt count since it's only like three levels
master are you compensating for something
flubs let's be honest
i remember drawing a snowy owl for a project back in third grade all you see is a giant bird with tiny stick like legs and feet lol xd
gummy is cheating
exactly
i update it monthly
master stop being stupid, demon lord stop trying to argue with stupid
do you keep up with this or is it constantly updating?
bella and aminal
in other news dogs in cars are fun
no i mean like all the other people who are red you cant see it
its not a toggle
i played as waluigi i think
hello hello hello lol ^w^
yeah
i have officially bandwagon from tsm to c9
you can only trade primes
or an array of booleans
be at worlds
to what degree of certainty do you say that
i mean
i believe so
now i'm getting flashbacks to chessmaster 9000.
which is their week 1
today “drop the whole fucking team”
nice
i just import it to gimp
got 3/5 becuase of the screwed up questions
can you display that to three significant digits?
hey kugal
the one holiday i hate
yeah but master if you work the night shift that implies you can sleep during the _day_
thats about what i expected
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
ask him if i can turn it in as my poetry assignment for my writing class
two hours until class starts and i dont have anying to do and my phone's on 30%
<:feelsbadman:327312260970315823>
hey kugal
good job discord mobile
yesterday “we are gonna 3-0 c9 and crush everyone at worlds”
see pins
i was charging it and totally forgot about it
hmph
trynig to get boltor prime now
last year, the most passive aggressive class(es) were geometry, earth science, algebra 2, and thats about it, they were all equally passive aggressive
i just got a spare flow if anyone needs it
what skarm
yo anyone want hate i got a spare
maybe
they weren't very easy essays either
food poisoning is just buckets of fun at kfc
i didnt do any of that yesterday anyway
taco time
im with you gummy
can i have any leftover tacos?
mission so far successful
i agree
thats where we get tacos
cavalry charges
did someone say tacos
what are the reqs?
complete a survival mission with level 30 or higher enemies without killing anyone
a massacre
ahh i see kugal has discovered the internet
i just don't know if the mod itself is good
last i checked soma was considered good
i'm waiting until a friend gets up to tell me
i'm in the mission
speaking of cacti, has that one guy said anything recently?
i prefer that
i havent been paying attention
much easier
this does not bode well
nope
darn
trippy smooth version
because their solidifying the fact that im not a moron and i can actually do the material
flights
i will give you some of my leftover popeyes chicken
be nice flubs
i hated mike and a little bit of zven and mithy
though i rather c9 go to worlds
four to seven pages
anyways brb playing aatrox
yeah
my physics teacher said he likes how he picks on me and i just roll with it
so i have an hour before class starts so im screwing around in the computer lab trying to salvage my writing thing, and the more i read it the more i hate it
should probably also farm derilect survival for octavia more
nice
this is changing the subject a bit but my teacher wanted to do audio stuff in js today
if you bend it far enough _everything_ can be an integral sign
well who knows maybe i deserve it
nobody does
because people use the definition of stupid so loosely, getting a fact wrong makes some people go from sir isaac newton to nemrod in some people's eyes
though some are admittedly purposely made stupid, for jokes
oh cool so the new 2000 series cards are a waste of time
because i was boosted and briefly thought guardian was aftershocik
ah, gotcha
i oddly enjoy looking at stuff i can’t buy and have no use for
they also have metal
poor you <:kappa:374346980136058893>
rona is better
so you can find what you want, write it down, and then buy it from somewhere specialized
both places were good but we go to lowes more now
it's torture
sure
gummy be nice to the hardware stores
write about a space ninja
![]==[]
chuck*
i should clean out the pins one of these days
and drago can be a guest on the show
previews are nice sometimes
as a computer engineer my solution to problems is usually rebooting, blaming the programmers, or throwing more resources at it
like e!kill but cheese
maybe you could try loading it into a water pistol
e!wolfram 13 gmt
he comes every two weeks
~~good point.~~
i had someone in my server thinking the nazis were good...how does this happen in a non public server
i googled it and wish you luck draco bc i wouldn’t know how it’d go together either
let people major how they wanna major
how was i supposed to know drago
i don’t want
oh the history major thing
it's like forcing a biologist to write a paper on physics
balls javascript doesnt have a `choose` function
thankfully i only need get the intro paragraph done by the end of this week, but i'll probably try to put out an entire draft so i have a bit of a buffer.
who had the changed
it missed obviously.
i dont even like _one_ -page essays
but still
tmw your code doesnt work all afternoon and you finally figure out why
i'm in the middle of figuring out how to use the wikipedia api to generate content for my homework assignment for me
firefox > chrome anyways
i got 1 fact wrong on my astronomy lab and that dropped the grade by 10%
for three hours
and they sell for more typically
yall wanna run an axi s3 radshare
nothing
ham is gross
when i met him i was more successful
i remember back in 2nd grade i really liked ham and cheese sandwiches
i can't believe i got all of ember's stuff in the minimal possible runs
lemonade
fuck
oh yeah that one was hard
it's true, grades k - 8th i literally didnt know anything
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
oh hell no
yea if you're getting a phd you're basically saying you want to stay in school until you're like 30 +
often 8 +
i’m not into the camera work at aaaaallll
my mom went back to school at 36
go for it
or editor
remember stay single and don’t do hard drugs
i still blame youtube for why i hate film class
ha ha
im not single
drago
there is tension
gotta do 5 waves with objective taking no damage on lvl 30+
hah. time zones.
woo 100% on astronomy test
kavat cudes up rn if you need them
damn sleep
or maybe just that boy with the hat
i did use a spreadsheet to check myself though
youd need like 15 of them though
it's the sylveon pfp
how is that going?
too bad i still have no idea how to get bacon in this game
i want the frame for myself but im probably not gonna go all out like for rhino
first day of fall and it should be 90+
just get my sister to entertain her
what
25th
she is sick though
:dragonitewasamistake:
my irl sister caught a cold
but then again driving on li looks horrible
unfortunately the people who do drunk driving and road rage also happen to be the people who are least likely to give up their keys
sorry to hear that flubs
~~wasn’t the internet always stupid?~~
same
i just gave you a much better name for it
im guessing itd just be the factorial of the factorial of the original number
through x^.5 form or?
man one assignment for literature takes a few solid hours, its impressive
author master
don’t know yet
yea i think i may just use double factorial
yeah but being an author is risky and dependent on success
good idea
i’ve come to realize i’d rather be happy and doing what i like than be unhappy and dreading work everyday
i should teach kids war
who?
oh yeah peaceful places
play them my songs in return
how the fuck will more music help me hear less music
stellacor
i’ll let you know
gummy dont you have anything better to do
probably
what are your pc specs?
basically i am gonna take everything i learn over the years for this
no, flubs is the demolition expert
no joke
i had curly fries
but i have stat work
im docking your pay until you improve
wait is it without getting detected or
oh that's easy
on a closed interval
i ran ivara stuff way too much
its a t3r3 low chance drop
3 teralysts, one gantalyst, and one hydrolyst
iirc i got pretty lucky with t3
pluto junction here i come
after 7 more missions than shouldve happened
very appropriate
i have a key left if you two want to use it
i remember watching nsmb walkthroughs when i was like 7
that being said i am going to buy a 3ds when i get a job
i started watching during pokémon diamond
it's actually not
it's my sister's
thanks!
that's really sad
win + x -> u -> r
wait switch _is_ ninth gen
ya gotta believe
nice
imagine paying $2000+ for a phone and still not getting a fast charger
i didnt eat lunch today
i dont think mac users breathe
oh wait my sub expired
what the crap it's autumn now?
yeet selling out is awesome
well thats why we call it a raspi usually
you don't
there are phones that cost over $2000?
wow this is.. a lot
i say to the canadians in the room
its just slush
not looking forward to walking to the bus stop in -20 weather tho
winter time is magfest time but im pretty sure thats just because winter coincides with when the convention center is cheapest
also new york snow is fuckin garbage
no squid would be playing it on a smart window
the people you go on discord with
that takes skill
to mot
something bad happen
there we will find the next step of the story
i nearly died
someone told me to go to sleep
allows you to take an aura like corrosive projection
zenurik is super strong energy regeneration
and now that you can hunt teralysts you also have arcane buffs to start collecting
what's the challenge?
it’s cool that they gave a riven
gonna try to sleep now
sounds fun
like +30% strength
whats the difference between a butt ton and a normal ton
you say that like it's a good idea but then you realize steam games take a month to patch/download there
as per usual
i think you mean a shit ton
assuming the butt is predominantly meat with a small layer of fat
guys
i realize drago has beaten me in every social media
oh you mean ripping off of r/writingprompts class
minus the "social" part
gonna go watchwestwing();}
on every site
they can *do* that?
i thought windows used ntfs
maybe i can misspell all of the names a different way every time and see if anyone notices
that's what "formatting" means right
how long is break time?
break time
or if you're behind the times, impact font.
now i want to google "corrosive font" and see what comes up
i dont think this one has a right answer
would corrosive font be writing with acid?
rates of change and other not-exciting stuff
make what a thing
byebye pins
i sent the prof an email about it too
and when you die it stops being your problem
is that good or bad
mines on the top
<:rooduck:399827506665881600>
everything's a library card if you bribe the librarian with enough
im sleepy
it's all mems
as you know, fred
basically
woah
that was master's bad idea not mine
they're an emerging marketplace right now
actually
16,318,782 as of whenever the public count was last updated
yes yes yes yes
16,318,782
oh hey alan walker is in top 100
i still don’t get why they are a thing
rc have you even _seen_ this guy's content
i love the 18th century
bella they dont even have guns they arent the smartest folk
but like how dont they have guns in skyrim
yeah but how was i supposed to know that
gouda?
thank you
wow they have analytics from the 20s?
sweden is a myth
great, now i'm tempted to watch crash course videos for the rest of the night
no notifications except for the guy who i'm trying very hard to avoid
ahoy
damn i want to do that now
oh yeah in dark brotherhood questline you murder the emperor while hes on his ship
master know anyone who hates receiving letters?
thats probably how the fcc feels about public comments tho too
virginia tech? yeah they sent me recruiting information well into my twenties also
also my nose runs
oh i forgot that i blocked mee6
wack
indeed.  welcome to our little slice of discord.
my first class gives quizzes exactly at the start.. it sucks
take the easy option in this case
glad to see everyone doing well
i love this
they both are bad
another essay due in english already <:feelsbadman:327312260970315823>
oh yeah and we had a mini argumentative piece in gov that most people wrote over a page for. i wrote half a page talking out of my ass and got 6/6 on it
that sounds cruel and unusual
no thanks i just ate two slices of terrible pizza
get the dynamite
vote'); drop table candidates --;
bella want some terrible pizza? the school cafeteria has more of it than they know what to do with
it's cold therefore it's christmas
sounds good
i remember we got papers or something about it in high school but i never read them
>implying there's anything else to talk about
this whole mornings real odd
then again
exactly
hey theres plenty other things to talk about
maybe if you throw it fast enough you can knock out the power cord or something
ida battle drago pls and destroy him!
very badly
is the new 3ds worth?
but then it starts becoming unpredictable
<:failfish:372152438355918848>
with or without the viking swords
wanna learn history?
for a certain time
i did a really good typo earlier
and there are no paper cartridges
nothing im interested in
but you physically copies are nice for display
video games
is this like part of your morning routine or something
thats a first of those
humans are nice
post with a dog in it -> search by controversial
well i got home at 3
*sends dragonite to russia* time to get up
gummy im bored wanna battle
huh, don’t see it
thanks
greetings all those who are kind
i can inv you
take out camera because its kinda funny
hello person
i did this problem last night
brb pretending to be productive today
me thinks problem is flawed
> question 56
or you could say a= -2/x
but if any math nerd can give me their input on that problem #56 *cough* master *cough* spazzer *cough* when you can that'd be great
but is it differentiable?
so the first piece and second piece should have the same derivative value at x = 0
it's not about whether you can afford it, it's about what you're getting in return
my brain is 50% ponies 50% war
a friend and i were discussing nintendo's new paid online
gum might get to study overseas
i wasn't complaining, i was just giving my thoughts based on what i've heard
you arent allowed to touch the penguins
well if the context of the conversation is "hey dont plow our house down"
or maybe penguins can study gummyology
becoming school teacher is harder than it looks
is rate my professor a working thing in canadialand
too late doing calc first
the classes are way tougher than film
gummy what do you _do_ with a film degree anyway
film editor or producer for tv shows before moving on to movies or animation
i already am complaining about college
community moreso when you wanna transfer... those reqs are no joke
just saying personally, but the 4 years are a literal 4 commitment so it’s the same thing
that’s awesome
ring theory is that if something is round and goes on a finger its probably a ring
i took chem as a senior
i mean people in grade 12
i started taking ap chem as a sophomore but then dropped it because i was barely even going to class
final*
i think the highest for freshman here is bio
well that’s easy
im in such a good mood
oh gummy _is_ the detention teacher
ok enough of being a huge nurd, time to do dog chores brb again
i should probably tag him hun
it's so cool and easy too
as long as you're careful, rock and roll
is that a good thing or a bad thing
also i apparently have no role in that sheet
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
it’s normal probably
you have no valid point
because i do the dumb
well, have fun
it’s not surprising, but official
was that because you didnt speak english or because you answered "musket" for every question
a high male voice in choir
i got chewed out in first grade
should have learnt french instead
i have poems to read. hopefully
@someone else, set it up to ping me whenever someone says gay
ccongrats
i still think nintendo should have their own site/system like loveroms and emuparadise with netflix style payments or something to play older games
leave'er johnny leaver ohh leaver johnny leavr. for the voyage is long and the winds don't blow
a special fuck you to the guy who looked right at me while i was downed vs the gustrag three in a nitain mission and didn't revive me
and it's time for us to leave her
oh look it's ten pm and ive done nothing useful today
~~always bring plasmor~~
legitimate question: what's wrong with using a ternary operator?
felix is hot tbh
it's 2 am here
goof off in the computer lab by making a program to dispense random calvin and hobbes quotes when called.
i wanna be a teacher so i hate myself
you have no clue what i want do you?
you could give it all to me
so is paint
the ones with the really fuckin annoying names
gummy you know you can just use an elgato for that right
the yellow part not the 0.7k part
whats an fhat
no im flubs
then let me go play minecraft in peace damn it
melee riven from my sorties
anyone want to go in my place?
i'm about to go into ap physics for 80 mins are you sure you want to switch?
a new game called war of rights
bought tigris build for 80 plat, some trading later am back up to 200
how is that stupid?
she's on the phone with the manager who's out of country rn
i rolled for it like 20 times
someone needed a lex prime reciever
...  i think i just spent a half hour looking at a fish
you weirdos have been quiet tonight
i have places to be so i'm just gonna leave
thanks
we are
almost all research is done, shadow clan
none of that matters why the fuck would you put that in your resume to literally everything
yeah. didn’t know that actually
also this is happening
jupiter
me and my big mouth
3450 i think
sitting is comfortable and rising is hard
let the chaos begin in three, two, one . . .
but reddit steals from 4chan and twitter and twitter steals from reddit. and we all know to stay far far away from 4chan so where is the purest meme source?
rise up stormcloaks
rip i returned to stream gone
im retiring as of 5 hours ago
good
if it was easy everyone would do it
is it bad that i bought the skyrim ost almost four years ago and im still not tired of it
you can do that in real life too
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay hiccupping again
i like it when my code is a metaphor for my entire life
"and here we have dragonite getting his eleventh hour of sleep"
also is it bad that nintendo sent me an email about a pokémon distribution and the pokémon in the picture was completely unrecognizable
the large one
here we see the dragonite taking a half hour to get out of bed as he continues to fiddle around with his metal spaghetti dinner from last year
good job
oh, so he's too busy getting x to divide by zero to get y
thats the boy
the forecast calls for an undefiend chance of dragonite showing up to stream tonight
okay so that didnt go well
snorlax
actually it's from the enlightened# channel
yeah, i should've known that joke would fall flat
the who?
we just have the tallest house on the block
@drag see subreddit
last i checked thanos helped us clear what was left of their spies out
the homeowner association subreddit?
i thought it was unusually sane in here but i assumed that squid just left the window open again
should've used ragnar the red
no it would probably be the timestamp of the last time the page was edited
it's their 10 year anniversary but it all has to go under $25
but how long will libraries actually stay open with the internet existing?
but it's halloween in a month
extreme cheap cake?
the discordie one sucks?
oh yes i just don't have mods revolting against me i also have a non mod wanting to take over my server and call it gummyland 2.0
yeah
it keeps fuckin changing
i assume that is good?
and slap this one girl at bronycon i hate
#define define //
that...doesnt make sense
lies
it was in my photo album for too long, can finally free up that storage
and nitain
okay then
nah that sounds like work
good gravy i want to get stuff done but i have a cold and cant think straight
how is that possible
i was gonna get new york but they only had 12 oz
well
i almost always get some vegetables with steak orders
yeah the cpp standard is like nope
my mom has told me i should be a professional math test tester
i have an essay to do
looks like asparagus
the revolution was the wii's code name
i have like
just did a lesson on antiderivatives, next chapter is all on integrals
all of my freinds get a week off of school this week
ida you forgot the sickle you fool that's only half a revolution
1. [magnavox]
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
nerf swords.
9. switch
2. [2600]
thats more like an arcade game than a console
6. gcn
and why call it 2600 and not atari?
e!google magnavox nintendo
i misread demon lords statement by one letter
8. u
what letter
just get rid of the disease by taking in laxatives and stool hardeners
he's clearly pink
why is it on the list?
i am so proud
wait im dead?
he is green
i wonder
im so confused
no meds no deal
not sure what i should do
i'd put up some halloween decorations too but i dont remember what i did in previous years and i dont want to repeat anything
sounds scary enough for halloween
with?
spooky
no joke this time
hmm i have a better idea
i got my feedback on my essay map
too dark; can’t see the other wall. start over <:kappa:374346980136058893>
warframe is good tho
thats a wall
but you guys seem to be the type to know the answer to this
how in the hell do i start learning programming
watch old vsauce vieos
then you cry in the corner and question your life choices
you go on the google and look up snakes. they teach you codes
you can
not doing any classes on it
it worked
times this one by 20
i mean skywind has a direct canon dovahzul translation, for one
<:feelsbadman:327312260970315823>
my friggin college calculus course is easier than my high school honors course
> essay
but it's due monday
the great thing about physics is that you don't need words for it to make sense
and i was never told to start working on it, only that it was due monday
"here's a template lab that someone turned in in 2007, just copy and paste some words and add a table of your results and write me two sentences for why your results don't match mine and you get a 95"
the directions are equal to "ok go and do it have fun!"
yeah that's pretty much what's in all of the lab files i still have lmao
my favorite part is when you catch the black hole at just the right angle and you can see an image of yourself without needing a mirror
like spaghetti or people
also what the fuck how do teachers have enough time to grade all this stuff and still make tests and shit
i know only of blitzypoo
squid if you die i get your stuff
alright cool
where are you?
i dont see pictures and i thought for a second...
yeah
no but that's a good idea
quick put on the spookyrim image
i been noticing my mood changing quick
ghosts dont scare me they make me feel safe
maybe a bone doctor or whatever theyre called
problem is idk how to get one
well she was the only one i knew who watched
do what is right for you countrymen
nerds
this is an insult to gummy
i don't know any demon lord
what?!
apparently i can’t man up and apologize
maybe i have the song, you don't know xd
dragonite i know who is who dont worryu
someone gets me
no flubs
wait i think i have a spooky dan
like you gummy
doot
ive been here a while ish
this hell is stale at best
is he the only perma ban here?
no draco
but is a flubs a kind of dan
i dont wanna go to work tomorrow
flubs be an asshole
no, you’re a dan
stahp
gummy take him gambling
damn i was close
its gonna last hours too
sounds like a plan
well i am happy for some reason
i could get things done or i could play skyrim
older sisters are hot in anime
you can have my little sister
jk jk
but i also looked up to him so that was nice
okay no wonder my peanut butter is wet
i realize something
i still have to redo the entire physics essay too <:feelsbadman:327312260970315823>
>: (
for now
it's always supposed to be raining somewhere
and the ones for linux are . . . entertaining
other than that they expect me to find out really specific details that only websites like yahoo answers or quora seem to know
then at the end they had me describe two proposed methods of interstellar travel, and talk about the concept of warp drive which was probably honestly the easiest part becuase a lot of websites actually agreed ont he information
coffee sucks <:kappa:374346980136058893>
i could not find a single answer
i could not agree more
ask them to double check that they didn't give you ap astronomy homework
dragonite happy
did the disable expiration spell break?
people who like coffee
i just feel like this list is missing a few things
i have one question
wait did i fucking say that my knees are above the knees?
and cowards
nice
im in a computer lab now and dont feel like discording on my phone
what the crap minesweeper doesnt come pre-installed on windows anymore
oh so browser boy mode is alt
rated n for no-one
oh no we _do_ have visual studio
never going back there
even tetris
the fun one is farming salmon eggs
and a boat fishing mode
believe it or not
sneaky pot
its true
ew, gas hasn’t been as high lately but i just saw one for 4.29
trains are nice
can ice cream go bad? because i just found half a pint of ice cream from like a month ago in my freezer and i wanna eat it
man life is so much calmer without thunder everywhere always
theres no underwater infestation
oh no
incredibly
a liter is 5 billion gallons i think
flubs please refrain from doing pg-rated things with the bot
play the lottery on when my next song comes out
you people suck
ill put it all on 4
and dragonite forgetting i have a 12 year old sister
1984
the comic or my comments prognosis
i wonder where i can buy shampoo at 10
hmm my phone is asleep
but yeah
oh fucking hell 9k
i should do productive things
mine has some
im running out of ways to procrastinate
candy application device
wait no now it has one
bella want me to change your name to "not bella" until november?
\:thinking\:
i call it a mouth
both name options are what i meant
because it's october
muhahaha
like i found this
i have many questions for clyde
ooh both are good
one of my friends convinced me to play borderlands a bunch of time ago
you did this to yourself
no that's fine cereal is gross anyway
that one yeah
what fpsing
i have physical frustration, sexual frustration material will help none
if so my faith in the fandom has been both destroyed and resurrected at the same time
oh i stopped watching it after the pancake fiasco
but now it isnt but you cant say spooky or anything with the word spook in it
you know what never mind i dont know if i want to know
theres not that many pink nu to choose from
i've been duped
it feels great the day after next
that fuckin fat kid ruined the show
digital dust
i need flubs as general
hah i fuckin beat someone
it's art
right as you say that one of my cats tries to sit on the face of the other
smack dab on your paper
if its the size of pluto
it ded
and that is literally the only reason you cannot date her
wasn't sure if it was canonical or not
saturn
i was just surprised
thanks this is confusing panda
i mean this wouldn't be the first time he's attempted to save something
they really should qa test these things better
urgent question: is everclear safe to drink
because i have some and want very desperately to be not sober
and that worked out fine without it (?)
i had a physics essay for breakfast this morning
mine is usually somewhere between -100 and 5000
mix it with koolaid
cutting everclear with water?
it can range up to 13, but that's uncommon
i've been doing that for the past four years.
right
......
<:gwovoraphixd:390538507799494658>
a lot
see ya master
then you'll know pain <:rooderp:399827526744014848>
gurl i wish
damn
i could probably do up my hair and look twinkish enough
i mean
imma bout this close to downloading tinder
plus my mmr is silver 1 level
bed!
<:ceselalul:428570630254755840>
gotta start dating again
language darling
toss me the conditioner
wavy hair is top tier
why not
straight hair people always jealous of curly hair
but they're well trimmed
you use
just because im quick to snap doesn’t mean they should go and block me
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
it's not because women are more emotional
for research purposes, please fill out this lesbian alignment chart.
but there were other reasons for that
whats it
i'm great at men
cause men are dumb
it’s adorable
definition eh? <:gwomoraphiohmy:405784196783538196>
i'll stpo
or goths
you sassy fortune you
i actually find dabbing hilarious
stpo
never mind i admire your self-restraint you are allowed to dab again
i almost fell in love
<:notlikethis:330183800975917066>
don’t
shake it off
i just dab vicariously through this emote
said me*
and some lucky fellow's, at some point
i prefer standing tall in empty fields in thunderstorms
idk maybe i just got used to them as a kid
i’m not down for this
it’s just abnormally heavy for this time of year
i forget do you watch bnha rainy?
or just... ever
im pretty sure if you read enough bible you could find at least one or two instances of god being a knob to jesus
it's like that but an anime
oh hey
what is the truth
10/10
of course gummy loves the soviet era
my sympathy has been replaced with contempt
dragonite dont do it now
he prefers when women were disallowed a voice
.....
anything with empire is good
feet. horses.
so that age about prolly
thats a lady
he got like salt and pepper hair? cause that's hot
well yeah hes getting up there but his son wasnt too old
why yes i do like rigatoni thanks
actually, i've answered my own question, rivington iii is definitely god
i mean theres no way he *isnt* but its a question of to what extent is he
alright fair
its fuckin gross
whoossat
but its nice
that sounds like a bad ainime
great so header formatting doesnt work on discord i want a refund
creative writing and essay shouldn’t be in the same sentence
then there's no way to get a refund.
even though i’m not bad at formal essays, doesn’t mean they’re enjoyable
so refund your nitro subscription.``` <:kappa:374346980136058893>
found the perfect efficiency point
and i’m doing nothing because i’m tired after a day of work
just put exoskeletons in it
let me guess
i uh...... no
of bugs
you've been tricked
wait that sounds like a twilight reference
who the flip said you could be me? i can't even be me!!!
truly unfortunate
did you try turning them off and turning them on again
-1/dragonite
civil war at this point
im silver 3 and mmr is gold 5
because si
one of them i’m too sleepy to try.
magus are the factors always by 10 or is it a very specific factor of 10 today?
lvl 30 defense?
theres multiple veiled?
the easy one is 10 slide kills without damage
who here is dumb?
is the frame slot the issue?
i wouldn't think egil was doing a very good job looking out for it those days
reyn time basically the most well known meme that is not "i'm really feeling it" from that game
i thought there were like
that might have been a different game though but im pretty sure it was xenoblad
you’re doing the world a favor
i don't remember seeing one like that either
ive had that happen twice and waited it out both times
this one trick is doing great
silver 2 21 lp
can we hit gummy
he’s gummy as well
this is so sad
no he's a predator of gummy
my dad sucks
so i stopped doing it
but i learn an important lesson, that caring is often enough to get us through and to be happy
<:rooderp:399827526744014848>
and then you take us to anime off-brand ice-cream-princess, distinctively not dairy queen
redemption arc’s fine
<:rooaww:399827525599232000>
nvm i just uh <:rooderp:399827526744014848>
that one almost doesn't seem thematically correct
you should make a light novel of this
grab it asap
my bus broke down 😂
primed pressure point and primed reach are available with baro
credits or ducats?
anywhere not within walking distance does not exist
it's like +135k for the medium risk one that takes 5 mins at most
donezo
nvm people fucking suck at spy
credits
i got you a gift
wowee
i love those
i wanted to know
yes flubs it's all about me talk
i don't even know who that is in your pfp
its all you talk about
the teacher never took the time to thoroughly explain it
what even is life
smote/
what pirates do
i hate ar so much
~~aeiou.~~
aegh
i know
the whatnows
not that logn ago
<:keepo:327304799919800321>
yes, ,he is
i don't know is on third.
baseball
the prophecy
what
sense of pride and accomplishment
where's the meme thing
i need to mod my skyrim
it's also got an eta of never because it's an entire aaa sized game being made by a few people in their free time on a rapidly obsoleting engine
i wanna play it
7 is ugly as shit
they’re just windows stuff before 7
does that matter though
no windows 2000
i use an adblocker so who cares if they target ads
like 23andme a
and you wanted to get insurance
yeah i did one of those a while ago
if you accidentally broke a table because you didn't know that would happen if you swing an axe on it, that's something you had control of
it is friday october fifth gummy
of why privacy is important
you're hopeless.
i see thanks
enjoy spending money on shit you don't have to because "it's the way capitalism is'
why did my granddad to that
right
will they break it though
there’s more than those
and you didn't know you could get life insurance
i'm not you.
welp
if you can’t fill out a resume without help, how do you expect to live on your own?
my family does everything for me and i know this shit
he doesn't.
just
good fucking lord
eh, probably not going to drink that much anyway
drinking age is 19 in my province
even if i live away from my parents now
i mean flubs she's probably asleep by now so that's a little unfair
i never gotten drunk before
statues
this also confuses
if you tell a woman you’re jealous of her beard, you better be ready to get thrown to the moon
thanks though
you have a play skyrim button on your keyboard?
and she didn’t take offence
better if you don't grow a beard, honestly
vsauce! dan here
my hair is too fabulous to let go
all of my facial hair is around my neck
you can put your hamburgers and stuff in the blender
my hair is purple
i can't grow anything above my chin
oh look my xbox controller was just under my desk thats convenient
purple is weird on you
at least i think that's the case, i don't know. i'm not a dentist or an orthodontist
what is your weapon?
solution: get rid of all the teeth
your body clearly hates it
uninstalling skyrim is illegal
no dragonite is dragonite and gummy is gummy
yeah people tend to leave when dragonite shows up
good idea
thanks
i like aogno di volare
unless they fixed the ai
i now realize i’ve never played civ so, this should be good
sogno
my first baconator squid
why was i pinged?
exactly
you dont have lettuce
wild west classic
he was legendary figure supposedly living around the 6th century
that isnt bread
cant dock my pay if you dont pay me in the first place
thanx
what was it out of
donezo
i feel like playing video games what should i play
wow the sergeant is actually a joke
no what i meant like one on each monitor flipping between them
my favorite
yeah
you put all your info on a google doc and share it with the corporate email. the entire email
also a lot of the point of school is broadening your horizons and also teaching you to not be an asshole. it fails on both fronts, but you cant really fault them for trying
well knowing them yes, paying for them, no
can you use a microwave?
i dissolved a bunch and that barely did anything
all the while english is one of the most useless degrees that it's possible to get
it turns out my last brain cell didn't die.
remember all those ayatan treasures you sold
i don’t even know what you’re talking about
it helps over time, trust me
probably in a coma and on life support
bored right off the bat?
tsm will win worlds...oh wait
i couldn’t get into it today
it's also a few days after my finals for calc and stat
i dont
yeet
oop just got called down for dinner
mirage and a pyrana are broken
i found something on an old hard drive
mark my words 100t will make it out of groups over fnatic
and then he died 
its ok we still love you
i believe
youre a robot right tyou should be good at this

**the end**
blame ash
i have a really bad idea hang on
there's the broken wikipedia thing
skyrim says hi
e!github
esp group c
like what
i wonder if i can ping a channel with `<@#num>`
hmmm
like uesp for when the power goes out
eggnog is so good
not always lucky to have pdfs
i smacked that fucker at full speed
just cleaned the basement for 2 hours
says you
just a nice, calm, uncontrolled burn
i woke up late
85% feels mild, i shouldve gone for the 90% cocoa
samson is who flubs is referring to.
hello hello i think i’ve got a migraine
which is unusual. don’t get those often
yummy
great, now i’m hungry
why are you kicking gummy into the stratosphere
have any idea?
where are the words and/or characters missing in the document?
though honestly, haven’t come across that problem
i'd suggest just throwing it on google drive
okay, this is going to sound weird but hear me out.
he doesn’t
so would that mean like all of his 2869 lines of spaghetti get randomly recombined with someone else's 2869 lines of spaghetti or something
\:thinking\:
is it about skyrim
we're fucked
whats the most outer space sounding song in skyrim
not yet
you need a permit until 18 or passed drived
tbh she deserved it so im not at fault
i dotn even know any of the terminology in chess
i threw a stapler at the receptionist last week
its the friend you play with
3/16 of a chess system in unity
btw master i told you i got docked points for using the ternary operator right
i know none of em
i have pics if you need
e!wolfram ternary operator
i basically soloed hek while the other person was dicking around at the beginning of the map
where can you download that
aaaaaa
i saw someone post it on twitter a week or so ago but i have no idea what to search for it
i sacared someone into thinking i was givin them malewar by going on there
one more hour till thanksgiving
consider it a rebellion against the smartphone era
the stuff in it is kind of important but the words inside it are like
yeah let's not
balls i need to go to class
when your computer freezes and theres nothing in the event log about it
ironic as they want to reduce language as much as possible in there
idk if this should be here or memes but lo;
also not putting ig first in d lul
it probably has something to do with an unknown component near the back-lower-right of the computer tower spitting sparks at me the other day
great ida
they now legally have to unban you
gummy when did google shut you down
today im even more happier
i just have those correct button things on my phone
but now it will be gone
that pinged me
i will
hey i know what i should do
when i sub botted?
i didnt play harvest moon
and see if that subbot website still worls
itd be all jolty and hed wake up
but i dunno where she is
but he wants to gamble flubs
yeah but hes sleeping in my lap
that usually holds me over for the rest of the month
and you fucking *pay* to be busy
yay windows
and if you continue youll be inclined to waste even _more_ of your time
so you say youtube videos are fun while streaming is a waste of time while ida says youtube videos are a waste of time but streaming is fun
rip ida
sorry to hear that
you mean there are people who _dont_ show their passport when asked for id
if you want to be a full time streamer prepare to literally never have more than one or two days off
master do you even know the words to ragnar the red
also you can't argue with your viewers
that depends on the streamer
kix once banned someone for copy pasting a question over and over until someone answered. it was great
since if you just ban every person who insults you you're going to have no viewers left
i stream because im bored
yeah i agree
was i guess
i just need 15 more followers and that 3 average views
people are sleeping on ig tbh
you told me to listen to baba yetu
so i did
baba yetu is cool
and saw muskets in it
(╯°д°）╯︵ /(.□ . \\)
it was on history and napoleon
good
good job squid
hmmm
in xenoblade theyre all like "oh i like pie, go get me fifty pies"
i did a loan thing
~~more reason to not like xc~~ <:keepo:327304799919800321>
honestly, watching an lp of it, i do like some of the story and character stuff. but, i’m still not going to play it myself
no because i dont expect this back
actually a lot of siege streamers dont put up with people being douches in chat and i find it really funny
do you want to tell him or
i mean he does get usage of a twitch emote in return for subbing
if she doesn't pay me back you can tell me i told you so
acrobat reader can die in a fire
so gummy why couldnt she afford whatever the fuck
i guess we will see what happens in the future
i have to read thoreau and all he's doing is contradicting himself
darn
keep being you
im sorry
just code triple battles and then copy paste it but subtract 1
good
or maybe pokémon battle royale
and bella let me know once you watch
it's only like 95% broken
i don't remember what it is but i know i played it before 14 days of shitstorm
even if my pickems don't reflect that.
and not to the extent that i cant out exercise it
ignore that big bad statement
yeah but less than eating so i go  with that one
drago
join so i can make fun of you
had a customer that was a pain to deal with; pretty sure he was high. i could tell from his eyes and that he gave off strong fumes that smelled like spray paint that made a couple of us not feel well. and he came through 3-4 times.
just do the thing that makes the thing move to you
then we are safe
viagra, aka primed continuity
nice
good afternoon
not even close.
i’m so glad there’s no quiz on thoreau.. so i didn’t totally waste my time reading 50+ pages. that would’ve sucked
i probably killed the spelling. my apologies
amaterasu is the goddess of the sun, taking the form of a wolf.
so isn’t amaratsu a dog or a fox?
i’m going to give you my honest opinions on whatever the subject is. that’s just me. so i hope that doesn’t interfere in future convos that we may have in the future
so i need to understand that others do the exact same thing.
i had a strange feeling you were gonna be easy to get along with
so now that we got that squared away. are you into makoto shinkai movies?
gift*
youtube is my primary source of entertainment.
do you see it?
you mean they pricing?
on cn
yup.
i remember i caught half of one episode and never saw it again.
i hate those letters too <:kappa:374346980136058893>
i watched pokemon and that's it
oi vey
i can miss obvious jokes sometiemes.
if i see someone rob an apple store does that make me an iwittness?
i could tell
he's just such a kind, genuine guy
well he does have a lot of 3dses.
i really wanna do it
i could be googleing this but wheres the fun in tjat
one*
im here
stuff ice in those clothes
ooh yay
youtube has given me yet more tools to help quantify how my channel is failing
lps?
oh so it also turns out that these new tools are somewhere between nonfunctional and hopelessly broken
hes got like 2 million subs
ive never applied online but ive only ever applied to one job and that ended pretty poorly because i got the job
plus or minus the global human population
nope
it will be organization for yt
brb kicking self off phone
congrats flubs
good organization
it was 4 years ago idfk
god is
im bored
geeks
creeps
and babies
i'm sleepy
sadly
mmm, how so
bc like when people speak to me and i’m not like prepared enough i get clumsier
you ran—oh that dragonite
i want whoever told me that fired
my resume is literally a text file with four-space tabs thats a good way to get a job right
i typically always see/write month first
ddmmyyyy is little endian
no the others are stupid because why should i change the way i write the date
how is month first stupid
oh right
it is in canada
i’m surprised year first is actually a thing
they were sitting around 32-33 dollars a share a few weeks ago now theyre at like
i mean whats the point of life if you dont get to invoke a little society-sized catastrophe now and again
its the execution that gets you in trouble
base twelve would be awesome
yeah
also theres nothing illegal about *wanting* to pour boiling hot water down someones throat
and i mean im bad with people
what is the work
just so yall know im aqua
you aren’t
i hate it there
not bad
is that good or bad
or maybe it isnt
cccccccccccccccc
maybe it's a toy car
today i am gonna destroy something
it's an acquired skill
so we just played against trick2g
bella youre an octopie
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
<:gwomoraphiohmy:405784196783538196>
yeah, it's the one that melts your face off
let's hope not
very kind of you
twilight princess link - - in ocarina of time! ^^^^^^^
i want gen and afreeca out of groups
1-1 against each other
like i think that game should have been rated r
well friends, i feel like you ought to know
travel time says no
well shit there goes like half of my opinions
true
now we're asking the real questions
i shall be spending my weekend watching these vods
con: youre a villain so you had to kill it
why do people out smart me?
could go for some more pizza tho
benny ate it while gummy was watching him
i’ll also take some pizza, thank you
i like integrals and pizza
it's basically an approximation that gets better and better and you can write it out to a greater accuracy than your calc
plus im not positive that newton's method can approximate all points
windows wants to update and is giving me the option to do it either now or now
skarm say brb
yay windows
*throws waffle out the squid that was* etc.
dragoknit
why is base12 good?
great now i feel like googleing dumb things about base systems and seeing what i get
as minimalist as you can make a hyperlink
0.5 obviously
dont you mean "assymptote"
ask flubs
i forget probably
(that probably wasnt original dont shoot me)
squid because theyre spooky and it was dark and october
you had an interesting week two months ago
drago
then it aint the end
you rang
go back to sleep
hey want me to be your anivia coach?
though i play too much ranked these days
leason
link pls
but other people
(the vod session's tomorrow)
i assume you meant follow
following does nothing though
only reason i do it is because i can do this <a:rarityflirting:447509240043667466> or <:raritysmile:447196778517757978>
tbh i never actually care about converting people to bronies just for jokes but i still converted someone
also is it bad
actually the animation is very similar to anime
talking to me is great ida
speaking of warlike and destructive, you would make a great fit for eimm
good thing i left that server when i did
i have 0 chill and i'll have you know
and they don’t ban
i usually lurk and don’t care
kick/ban
you just fuckin called me dan
i'm so lonely
so it’s worse now
of course we don’t always have pony talk but you get the picture
again?
~~i just assume everyone who isn’t here at the time is out actually doing something with their lives~~
my server is dead, two pony servers are too noisy
oh wait my power is back so i can toilet again
only one?
go away let me browse reddit
how about
i said batman and robin > the dark knight
we all do
i love how ida is instantly terrified when she join
you are gross
benny likes you sober
but you probably shouldn't mod me as soon as i join or anything
im watching a stream and either the bf is being abusive or its a way of an affection
do you have like some sort of godly alcohol tolerance or something
who else is gonna take him bowling?
um 5'7" 115 lbs
yay its midnight and i just spent like two hours trying to figure out why i was getting the wrong output when i was giving the computer the wrong input
flubs!!!
you are a turtle
on top of spaghetti all covered in cheese, i lost my poor meatball when somebody sneezed, it rolled off the table and onto the floor, i lost my poor meatball as it rolled out the door
cheese is life
i like mozzarella
its okay i like cheese enough for both of us
~~=v=~~
yep i wasnt notified lul
then we roll them down a hill
as do i
i feel like i've missed a lot
you haven't missed anything, lol.  i've been biding my time, adjusting to my new job and i'm ready to kick back into the streaming world
we'll always be here for you man
but i believe they are another type of number, in 4 dimensions
and they look like i j k l or soemthing like that, i cant remember
a king isn't a king with out his supporters.
i'd have to re-watch that 3blue1brown vid on em
but there are
it was this
i never looked at the old one
what are the orange dots
nice, you updated these on stream too then?
granted twitch makes it hard because they always change their damn rules when it comes to how images fall below the stream
love the new icon 💗
i want to do some housecleaning on this server too, but that's another day's project
again, another day's project
hey guys how long has the server picture been different without me noticing
5 minutes maybe
that last one has been that way for a month now
is that the protonjon head with dragonite antennae
even if his best if fuckin trash
no cupcake for you come to stream
my guess would be homestuck or something.
they have two prongs instead of just the one
we'll go with that.
victori in game
oh look streams still going on i should probably poke my head in there or something
its an anime thing
amazo
can benny be my roommate for this hotel?
what is ash's worst pokemon battle?
my dog has bigger spots on her right side than on her left side
welp
it's called blue steak
he didnt even look at the damn directions on how to complete the assignment
exactly, theyre always annoying self-centered asses
not typically, no, not safe
kugal right click on the guy
kugal ive been in that situation and the person is never fuckin worth it. also they usually dont even learn
you should read the directions on how to complete the assignment before taking up 4 hours of your fellow student's time
thats fair
kugal tell him that this is your alt account and point him to me as your main one
i feel like with all the diversity there is on the internet, ,there's bound to be one person who says that seriously
im gonna get too depressed
so when he shows me his screen and what he needs help with, everything is in german
he's been offline for a few hours, so its been pretty peaceful
r value is 1-1e-12
and part of me doesnt want to because i still have to see him in class everyday and i dont want him to give me shit for blocking him
i need a full size version  of it to comprehend
also its probably a lot easier to have adult intervention offline if they see it happening
3 day weekend for me
that works too
thats not dickish at all
the last day of that class was awesome
in college its full of people who are millions times more humble and they're just more real
the only thing i like/miss from high school is being with the handful of people i actually liked
well, int hat class anyway
oh shit that reminds me
not the one i expected you to pin
thats dumb
ive reached the point where i believe theres some bottomless box of emotes but how do you find the ones you need
yeah remembering an infinite set must be a swell time
we did it
or just relevant ones.
ok then i dont which is good
dern
would you like me to create another dab
birthday punch!
it's today
is that like an off brand falcon punch?
candy is secondary
master how long has my quote about being a dumbass been pinned
good job now shes gonna kill you and call it a birthday corpse
can you reviving me faster in league though?
shu todoroki from cars 2
now waht
want to learn math?
you should upload pubg
i only upload things i can pronounce
then call it playerunknown's battlegrounds like a fuckin idiot
wheres the fun in that
i create a second array of length (first array length / 2)
he will get it for you
wake him up and tell him you want wine
something something garbage collection
cloud 9 bany
i just finished the second episode of telltales the walking dead’s final season and i’m bummed now
im no bandwagoner
people won’t make fun of c9 for getting an “easy” group or skt carrying them out
also gummy sure we can collab, you can be the punching bag
and which one
we both dressed up as the scariest thing we can think of
after halloween
i hate things right now *throws squid out of the pumpkin patch*
i just got demoted from silver 4 and my first game after that i go 4/0/21 on braum
im watching gordan ramsay cooking steak on a shovel
<:kappa:374346980136058893>
<:lul:305559915714576385>
but i like flubs ill take gummy instead
how dare you blame me?
drinking water is fun
by all means, kill gummy all you want but i'll still know, and i'd be the winner here
but i can already use fly
shit
im pretty sure i can use hm03 too
you are a boat
tm94
let me look this up
he would get to battle the fat kid
is that sun and moon or x and y or black and white
sun and moon
sup pals
now i only have 6 courses to worry about
i wish
r i s e
because you can never know for sure if they *arent* poisonous, but if you learn that they are you know
i've read a few *comics* about that
the fuck is a district
flubs why is everyone living in the place most vulnerable to hurricanes
some places overlap too its great
its a piece of a state that has a senator
when i was a kid my next door neighbor had a different zip code and phone area code
great now i spent 12 minutes reading about nassau the island instead of finishing homework
its got all the good restaurants in the sound
oh cool apparently the sound had d+ water ecosystem health when i was a kid
master my code isnt working help
use your magic to cancel my classes too
figured i should mention today's my birthday.
greetings.
happy birthday!!
happy womb escape day
gummy i am disgusted at the implication
lets blame it on eyan
how much man card debt is he in rn?
nice
thankfully not
thermodynamics in gases?
it was way different from my high school
if i’m teaching myself why do i even go here
wonder if they could rally together in name of my sad sad grade
no you could have tell it was him
i half-ass both
i want to understand things i don't understand, but then i would understand why people are dumb. but then again that's self explanatory. screw that
im not sure if i just complimented you or insulted you
open it
that includes pens, pencils, pencil lead, a notebook, some note flags, and i got 2 things that werent school related
~~yeah, just ignore that last message of mine~~ <:keepo:327304799919800321>
and then make the boxes into a *larger* box
i had no school today yet i still did some school work
thinkinator always helps
just join him and he'll eventually stop
gummy wanna write my code for me
four little slices of salami rolled up with enough horseradish inside to make me not hungry
is it hard to use a keyboard with panda hands though
gummy if i went to bronycon i might only come out on my way to the coroner
sorta
this doesnt help it hinders at best
also gummy ill be your bodyguard if i get to wear dark sunglasses and an im with stupid shirt
according to healthline.com, cooling the blood vessels can reduce the amount of blood that leaks into the surrounding tissue, which can prevent the bruise from being as apparent and reduce swelling.
god what the fuck why do people always say put ice on bruises and shit
is that a politics joke
then how would anyone know
since i played skyrim
you go ahead, i'm just going to save ice complaints for winter anyway
wats dat?
flubs i didnt know you were into thermodynamics
the law of conservation of momentum is what keeps dragonite's butt in a chair all day
i learnt yesterday ida edits better than me
im making a sick 3d model
yeah and also
if they can't adapt, they deserve to lose
draco im reporting you to the humane society
if you even have to ask
aight then we good
ooh look im rainy im functional
just listen to your body,if you pinched a blood vessel by sitting wrong your vision could easily go dark for an extreme amount of time without any repercussions
hours
how about this
<:roosip:399827510776299520>
how do you spell the word for "assure" that sounds like garrin-tiid i k ow it has a lot of unnecessary us and as and es
that sounds like an organ
i just have a compulsion when it comes to those red squiggles
alright tell me now
bai rainy <:roocry:399827523011084298>
i just realized i've watched chugga for ~half my life
the dent is because my skull didnt fuse right when i was a baby
my mom is an emoji
dragonite pick a language
lemme check
my head hurts from looking at a screen all day or something im going to go to bed or something
cannot beat legends never die
outside probably closer to 3
unless 100 thieves make it out which probably not c9 is last hope
my history professor is amazing
i am proffessjonal analist
yeah it’s a lot to deal with.
ヽ( ｡ ヮﾟ)ノ
i put on a vr headset once and it was like
budget cuts for eample.
hello
but there are some that do a good job about it.
you'll keep it
i just finished the little game thing and immediately had to get out
people got even more confused
fair enough
history teacher made a debate room in class
today i learn you don’t get 6 tattoos of the person you love and that you shouldn’t propose after one month of datig
don’t you wanna come to the wedding?
i thought she was one of the normal-ish ones
im surprise ida knows who that is
could you wait like 20 years to move in with each other first then
i hate them
its in the name though
do you want to be married?
like there's so many other things you can use that money for
there is nothing innovative or new about it. i might as well play a less buggy, lower netcode pubg with powerups
and they have a low level of entry but high skill ceiling
i don’t know any decent person <:kappa:374346980136058893>
but dual wielded
vortex is dead
maybe i should lol
and i was on a podcast with a guy who has 60k subs. not sure how many people watched it; he doesn’t get many people watching his videos anymore
return my vision and you can have one
but my social life been boomin recently and i just dont have much chill time anymore
which im immune to
nobody at work knows tho
also it supports out skyrim supports voiced languages like polish and japanese and stuff. i should set my language to that and see if i can still understand anything.
and theyre hazy as fuck even with my glasses on
i'm alive
<:ceselalul:428570630254755840>
it could potentially be c9 vs fnc in semis
i didnt diss it
youd think there was a bunch of dust in there or something but there isnt
today was interesting
never go stormrazor its shit on her
yep, that's how uni is
tbh i haven’t seen any college kid smoke
wait i heard keyboard
-10 what
i believe in fnatic
i have never seen this game in my life so i don’t want to ask what it is
though impressive
i believe in the boys in blue
don't believe in kt if you want them to win
and there’s videos on the side on his phone he’s not even watching
oh god, there’s a chance for snow a little north from here 😑
oh well fnatic is from eu
well i want c9 to win
jensen is still one of the best western mids
mad shit the bed
its not
ninja or samurai?
am i jealous or envious
comic book plotline?
i saw the previews and i am very ready for it
im just...?
very slight but very much liked
5 mins before exam
the fuck is a syllabus?
im still assuming nga is roy
i want you to be super hard on me
like super super hard
not like that master...
you know is it bad that im still not done my essay due last monday
so, thisll be fun
you should get caught up on storyline
i have to remember how to classify plants that i was totally listening to last week
yeah
guys i think i hate xml.
i knew it
i think so
when does supper happen then
and flubs you would not like this person
gummy is that how you go around meeting new people
"hello my name is gummy, do you like the emoji movie?"
probably not
whatever you are but in irl
then my life is complete
now just gotta find an irl flubs
you can do that
what's this about my toaster
schools overcharge, hooray
i can get a slice of pizza at school for 2.65 but it doesnt taste very good
she dies
i don’t want to say specifically for spoilers but oh my god
why would that be exciting for me lol
there’s only a couple shows where that’s ok
its a special arrangement of only the finest ~~volatile death orbs~~ vitamin rich frenchless unfrieds
you should go look at it youll be even more disappointed in me than before
dang
just say potatoes for gummy and theyll know
well yeah. its cod. thats to be expected. shitty, but expected
dont bully me ill tell mom
so far your friend’s not bad
errr nooo
fight my enemies yes
it’s not good to have lol
considering i don’t think you’ve had this chain before i’d be ok with that
(this is totally not based off of a stackoverflow question i saw a little while ago)
i’m an east coast boi because i live here and don’t travel
i'm right on the edge basically
that's because california is weird
burgers for dinner is good
and if i flirt with her punch me hard
how sweet
gummy how could you
yes you are
time stops love
flubs hates everything
you 3 all hate everything
ultimate power move. it shows you think less of her than she thinks of you, that you definitely saw the gift, and dont care about her gift or need the balls
hmm i dont feel like working on game but i dont feel like nto working on game help
flubs ruin my day pls
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
time to buy prime junk
your dog is dead
first and only day for my new job and i crushed my knees getting there
i need like 3-4 of those
did it feel like you knew what you were doing?
instead of saying like 6200 ft² per second i accidentally said in my head 6200 ft / s² and thought that was ok
but the littlest part of me is expecting like 13/20 or something
or did you feel like batman?
we're only  touching a tiny bit on integration but im like amazing at integration, so that's little worry to me
damn
flubs
since we're still in q1 here
because i dont fully understand them
go to your room
no cussing young man
oh wait vulkar wraith is
alright i got the two most important ones
im honestly thinking about it
i do not insist
and make that annoying dragon that spawns by the college turn into a pile of living chickens on death
no job does not consist mainly of doing nothing. just look busy and you wont get more work
wanna hear a joke?
my love life
hmm there's one section where one of the graybeards uses a gendered pronoun when talking about the player character, i wonder if they correctly change it if you play as a girl or if they just assume nobody would notice
no just like both of them
i didnt say marry both
i just realized the ck logo and bethesda logo are basically the same thing
gummy youre officially looking for trouble and i'm hereby granting permission to interpret everything that you say as a rumination on cheese
as a general rule if your message was successfully submitted to a server and it later disappears, the solution is not "post it again"
aight
im not looking for trouble
i don’t want it to work like that
looks like the only boss frames i need now are mesa, atlas, and nekros
usually, though
i feel like im cheating
i can kinda see that
it was like after 40 mins in before 48
i might be able to, but not quite right now
sorry
i think i still used my lato at the time
i was using lex prime
market
hello there
join gummy in this week college adventure
welcome
guys i think skyrim is a singularity
i guess i should think about doing something with my life now huh
well from my perspective, a full time job may help since it's more consistent in terms of hours.  though i'm not certain.
i fell asleep at 6 last night
i couldn’t stay asleep for that long unless you killed me
i slept for 14 hours but woke up early
what does that mean
i just got done playing skyrim 15 minutes ago
and you don’t have it on your switch or pager or rock
whenever i press a on a door nothing happens
there's not only just one first seed left after quarterfinals
at most
if they have anything cheesy prepared
afs probably knows about it
g2 was weaker
play skyrim
i have become crazy
just return it
so basically if i do end up with this new girl she is cool that we breakup
that's $50,000 an hour and you've been here for at least thirty seconds
since im in a good mood
im going to go pet my dog brb
dragonite what flavor of dog do you have
because some aspects of programming are more complex than rocket science.
maybe a shiba
i kind of want to know what would happen if you set up a battle with like five hundred participants using my code
most bittersweet shit ever lmao
next question
20 or 40?
im in
k back
welp there goes 10k focus
ya'll need more zeal weekly in your lives
rip zeal wheel: he had a short life
asking for a friend
i can't do it to drago but i forced gummy's
ida you are the best big sister a gum could have ❤
took care of dragon
ok mr freeze
pfft this is scarier
i can’t give up on league when i never played it in the first place <:kappa:374346980136058893>
(the thing the kass did was accuse me and my duo of being toxic when we'd barely used the chat and he'd flamed my duo for the entire game)
which, to be fair
fucking ask her
52 lp
i will have a talk with him
did i miss something
:🇺 ➕ 🇲 🇪 ➡ 🍆
i forget the name of the splash one
wanna play my games but ehhhh
agrewd
can't take away a whole pc <:kappa:374346980136058893>
also i thought the same thing but guess what? you dont need to be good with computers to throw it out of a third story window
but my mom is bad w computers so i'm gokd
"can i pronounce its name?"
and
i realize something
this is the first time i feel irl love
provolone is pretty good, yes
haha time to make fun of a movie
i found 36 ds and 45 gameboy advanced/color games in a box of my old stuff
he's a legend
can't find the account though
so more i go to get
obs studio for pc. if anything else, you’re screwed <:kappa:374346980136058893>
its fine in sandwiches but doesnt work well in ice cream or candy imo
fuck yeah
i love arthur
it’s the stupid booming ones too
your grandma's a command prompt
are the dodgers in the playoffs or something
or they just won something
im not currently but now i want to know the answer
thanks im going to get a second opinion on that
hmm ashbot's profile picture is upside-down ash
okay so uh
i hope it's still on da somewhere
no u
thats probably because i reconnected him
gross
he's not upside down youre upside down
they hacking
now, i speedrun games ye?
a really big number like ten to the six
when did it become 10
you are arent you
licorice
i fucking love licorice
not bandwagoning
from the start
fuck tsm
g2 took out rng so they're not a lightweight either
oh yea definitely no clear winner
wtf fnatic
anyone can win
~~now you gotta promise to buy c9 skins if they win worlds~~
~~aqua is now magma.~~
whos aqua
that tells me nothing
5/6 finish in summer
they bad?
of course they aren't bad
compared to before yeah they blow
i rather see them than 100 thieves at worlds
i wonder how long i can avoid being social and work in game today.
the other had a very close series that could have gone either way.
meteos was just a big misunderstanding
rikara did not deserve to go play at worlds at any capacity
they already knew they wouldn't have wom
you be social
long term it may be a better move
im hearing aphro wanted meteos kicked and cody sun out
could make sense though
true
remember what happen to dl on clg
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
obviously rikara was playing in challenger series for one year and academy for most of this year
they could have let him one game since he worked all year to get them to worlds
i'm not at home rn, gotta do homework later
you don't know that
well i think ssumday won't stay
maybe during stream once it gets rolling
flubs
no reason for him to
or you could be neither
i don’t have a brother
its your brother
well shit, how am i supposed to come up with that money?
i have like 3.50 on my desk in loose change that you can borrow
don't look away kugal that number will be orders more the second you check back in on it
i’m back from work ya ninnies. and eyan is streaming
you should probably copy and paste all those as a new e!suggest after getting that important one
i just made the "all required move effects do their job" milestone, the question is, do i keep going or do i finally just play skyrim
gonna do one more run for the night
also maple syrup your username is 10/10
i believe in you
6 runs of derelict survival
the only thing i dont really like much about the class is how some questions we are tested on but arent explained how to do them properly
my profs don’t even let you see questions you missed if you didn’t get to class early enough
i just kinda wish my midterm would get graded already so i can see the horrible score i know i got
i probably didnt score as high as i usually do, but probably not as low as how my toxic mind thought i would
like if i dont show my work in the best way he usually wont care, as long as i came to the right conclusion and he knows its my honest work i get full credit
i havent played skyrim in like ever
i have such a bad problem with self confidence
but should i really?
meet me behind the big trash cans at 2:30
half of my monitors go with me to the soul stone
that still leaves like four or five of them right
bring an xbox controller
dragonite balances out the pros and cons of this but ehh worth
you too
lmao microsoft is still making tts voices
so that fucking joey with 100 metapods doesnt beat you by running you dry on pp
i need to dump some cause im at 14/15 rn
weekly ayatan
the most versatile early game hm keeper in gen 4?
still no octavia
dragonite's just a dork
i use carrier
i mean yeah if i choose arceus or dialga or something i'd just look like an egomaniac
or you stop to scan?
wait a minute what is that
it yelled at me about for loops and turning x degrees already too
that's an amazing username.
unlike computer science, other tasks can be achieved faster as a group effort.
in practice the above is false
the colors are all weird
i should do that
and i wouldn't have met you guys
okay okay
and it's been 5 minutes
12 runs
i'm doing osha training in class and this man just did it to em
i figured it out
me or gummy or both
these are closely guarded doctoring secrets
i feel like i should know this but i only ever got the vaccinations that are necessary to not die
normally yes but when it's you they're smiling at one should probably start worrying for their sanity
is that a good thing or a bad thing
and smelled like perfume
top ten things said before disaster
he will not
that sounds like a euphemism for something to do with the toilet doesn't it
not the first server i saw this in
but on the front page
i got a fiora bug fixed by getting on the front page of r/lol once
i think you’re becoming 
**normal**
now to do it with all the consonants. <:kappa:374346980136058893>
rip i'm sure they'll provide things for you if need be
i have a meeting with a prospective school but there was nothing that was said i had to prepare... so i have no idea what i need
you are my minister of war
sooo i am watching weird things
now there is war
delusional
what fun did i miss
i forgot about that
i mean there wasn't exactly anything stopping them before
plus it ain't exactly hard to fake degrees <:ceselalul:428570630254755840>
thats confidene intervals graph type as a whole
just showing off my sprite rendered titanotylopus for zoo tycoon 1
personally i think im pretty great
🎉 good job aminal
good for you fam
like fallout 76.
squid is playing skyrim
she broke up with me
where is my sister
i am?
and blocked me
i kinda wanna cry
gummy just be like me and be single and complain about it
oh my
new plan
..........
you should do something about it
like
no it doesnt
he has a lot of money
theyre still not part of the game's files though
today
the smoke detector just went off and dragonite's dog.exe has stopped working
you dont hear anyone going "dear ideal masters ill trade you this dark soul gem for a spicy alchemy buff"
they were probably really bad at it where they live like the only thing you can use is chaurus eggs and glowing  mushrooms and i cant imagine either of those things taste very good
ive heard good things about mushrooms
hey man dont judge the dwarves on their cooking techniques
so did the dwarves get yote or just kinda fuck off and stop existing?
incantations are probabaly part of summoning
who knows maybe they evolved to metabolize bronze or something
depends on the topic
that is not a chaurus
it’s the first game i’m actually downloading on steam since i installed it a few days ago
go back to skyrim
well that was a failure.  neexxtt
next question
is dragonite awake _before 10:30 for once?_
that's an uncharacteristically good idea
play skyrim for the 1,000th time
plot twist: you're actually not
daniel gheesling
took a nice nap and now my throat feels like a swarm of infestation
shit up
dan is a good boy who makes good streams. and when he wants to be hes a fucking manipulative mastermind
in other news the wikipedia page of "list of numbers" is pretty good too
it says infinity servings which is amazing
i know right
this is non-negotiable
play it safe and ask in the morning. people interrupting your mindflow is punishable by death
the latter
think it would be safer if i asked an hour later?
actually kinda
not a procrastinator
best wingman ever
youtube shut up im not voting for any of them stop telling me who to vote for
and i thought flubs would talk about the inappropriate stuff again
never heard of it
bendy and the ink machine is scary game
help im watching horror movies tomorrow
theres only one i actually want to see
thats got whats his name
havent seen it
woah
i miss the office. probably going to rewatch it
the office is great
and emily blunt?
i need to watch it first
self control, good job
and i thought i was fast
<:failfish:372152438355918848>
hey i told you my uni friend did her hair and got dressed in 5 mins before class
my hair is too messy
and i thought i was early
pm me
for the past 3 hours
dare i ask why you are on your phone?
but i had to try
ice cream?
you are at the hospital
visiting me?
take a pic of him
yeah i ate a baby
work?
i legit would get mad if someone around me sang that
but it also doesnt
why does that sound familiar
i'll tell you but i highly recommend you never listen to it
this si awful
anyone who disagrees can fight me
but seriously batman and robin is better than the dark knight
mannnn i am so effing pissed with this banner leak guy and the smash community right now
i just looked the lyrics up
i'm pissed btw since sakurai won't get the satisfaction of revealing these characters now because of this leaker showing off all of the remaining characters
maybe
but anyway my rant is over now
if it wasnt intended
welcome!
making sure you're the right guy here btw, is that you flubs?
streams almost done
hey will
other people don't want to be spoiled!
since you don't care about leaks....
just move duh
i agree with bella
the wifi isn't out
wasn't even working on the wired computer
hello kugals
i think wired is as close as you can get
no it was my old flipphone
big enough where i don't fuck up and press another button
i hate phone typing
i only used it for 2 things
i hate touchpads...
well its sketchy as shit
i uninstalled skype
but who gives a fuck its easy to use
i must know these laws
still better than skype
i sort of understand that, my hands were really shaking after playing on my ps3 for a while
hi back *again*
oh that
i have to actually look at what i'm typing if i have to use a touchpad
it isnt even about cold i just have a weird feeling in my hands and wish for it to not be so annoying. if i wear gloves i dont have to put as much pressure on my fingertips
calling the bathroom "the little boy's room"
i remember that
yea he said he had tog o
that one calculator tool i showed you
the what now
oooh
im great at saving money gum
nice
good point
<:roocomfy:399827521253670912>
make peace
especially if you still interact witht he person after the fact
i can't spell
alright lol
you have committed crimes against skyrim and her people
some time in the mines should straighten you out
tell me what he said so i can say it too
but i figured out what the joke was gonna be
did someone steal his sweetroll?
i didn't knock anything off my to-do list today and i just want to go play skyrim instead
the forsworn are nice they have cookies and only try to kill you on some days
woo 100 on stat test
good job gum
that is not a skill in skyrim why would you have a 100 on it
because it's like
idk how females work
kugal be quiet you're like fourteen
hey sis wanna move in with me for a day?
im 20 *and a half*
no that's down the hall and to the right
hi depressed nice to meet you
i am depressed
in skyrim's epilogue odahviing pronounces his own name wrong
oh - dah - ving
understandable
that’s how i was until 2016
flubs
that did not age well.
instead of od - ah - viing like every other npc and the call dragon shout pronounces it
i see someone with a username called gummy. i saw someone like that earlier on some anime server.
welcome \:)
lies
no stick pls
hop to
last time it was scary
what was the snapchat of
thats going in the sub

me me me!
i can't really blame you
that was four and a half hours ago now
but the game still allots time for it so it makes some of the animations kinda weird
(also if a spider makes it next to me i just turn to face the wall and accept my death)
night at 5 am
im in bed before my sis
guess whose monitor broke the night she needs it
gummy don't break ida's monitor
on the plus side the number of magicka potions i used in that span probably cleared up at least a hundred pounds of carry weight in my inventory by the end of the game
i’m just lazy and did an all in one kind of character
congratulations gummy you act at least ten years younger than you are
my classes hardly have gotten cancelled this semester and i don’t approve
blitzypoo is next in line
i don't know dating
anyways since my two dating advisors bunni and flubs aren’t on
okay blitz how long do i have to know someone before asking them out?
thats the best
first that gives you time to see if you actually like them
kugal don't encourage my stupid
set her on fire then she'll be hot
or are we talking about ida
just tell her "good, i eat enough meat for both of us"
the females only have bad luck though because you keep trying to talk to them
pfft
kugal he said _smart_
no drago
i keep asking gummy but he keeps changing the subject for some odd reason
yeah i'm surprised there's that many too
interesting
either or
panda's here who wants to talk about butts
i'm not either but it makes my inner seven-year-old giggle
<:gwcentralpikalul:377110562116468766>
amen to that one
i can hook drago up with a girl
see ya drago
set who up with me now
yes she is legal to smoke it
night drago
how old is she
she is 19
i mean i did the age test
i wouldn't exactly call it a test.
also did i say i was going to sleep? i lied i got distracted by reddit
what other girl gum
but jesus that reminds me im gonna be 17 in like a couple of months
i think she deserves someone ten times better than me
you and her go out
why are you trying to set me up with people in the server lmao
of course it isnt
because idk any other females
im gonna invent it for the lonely and desperate though
my parents want the opposite
everyone wins
why is he asking me about shit thats past due
does that help
plot twist i never slept
~~sleep is for the weak and squid~~
is the twitter-removing-the-like-button thing real or did i forget to wake up this morning
good job?
that’s not the reason you should have to dislike this happening...
so anyway, i drove a half hour to class, only to find out that class was cancelled
why didnt dragonite see said email?
guess who got an email saying that class was cancelled!
either my teacher's email account is magically broken and it's the only one because i"m still getting every single other piece of spam that the school sends out to every single student, or my teacher didn't send an email
oops didn't see you there
but skyrim sure is alluring isn't it
i recorded stuff earlier. need to edit it sometime
i should probably record something
my desk drawer is jammed shut and that's where i keep my wii remotes
needs more letterboxing
go back to bed
#getidaoutside
shit i needed ida since idk how to food shop
maybe revise that sentence
so sad. i already miss its weird screeching and rubbing sounds
buy food to make into food dont buy instant shit
just buy food
its better for you and prolly cost less
is it even that good for you
well i eat like what the soldiers ate in the 18th/19th century
instant coffee
is what good for you
it just tastes like dirt
wow draco that one hurts
if that happens and it goes big that would actually increase my viewership
honestly
i don't see anything wrong with it
why did i quit...
and i loved it
i have notifications turned off
both on pc and phone
provolone is pretty good but mozzarella is better
because youtube hates me
great news
flubs front and center
becaues that'll take forever
this will be the stupidest thing i ever do
yeah idk why
for some reason
one of my programming teachers told me i failed the midterm because i answered all six qurstions instead of choosing five
holy crap
i know that, deci
silly dragonite its not the pastime its the career
guys
nick valentine has the same voice actor as belethor and a bunch of other minor skyrim characters
gummy
dont do that its bad
ok, time for sleep. don’t burn the place down; i want to be awake to see it
okay, so where you do want me to put this lighter fluid at?
flubs no
honestly i think a lot of people would stay in the server if they were greeted by a bot calling them a fuckwad and saying he was gonna murder them
no promises
it breathes a certain air of positivity i think the world could really use
its so very fair and balanced that he gets a free soul charge
anyway, i can chill and sleep finally
you should do a histiry essay on tbe history of history essays
i would totally do that
so basically the whole ordeal
im curious now
his excuse was that he has bipolar disorder
anyway i really should do the whole sleep thing bye
good luck gum
delete it
i have uploaded all of my 2014-2015 super mario 3d land videos
i should probably install a virtual machine with ubuntu or something
drago
drago go to taco bell
i was not informed of this
let’s collab and do a super mario bros 3 speedrun
i should have said chipotle
but they have tacos and burritos
i always want to try chick-fil-a
and walmart in the frozen food aisle
probably
the best thing ever
which makes you eligible for a parking ticket
hmmmm. to study for my midterm tomorrow or to watch gotham
like some people do
ever had baklava, kugal?
it's a dessert pastry made of phyllo bread, filled with a mixture of crushed nuts, and held together with a syrup.
cashews are pfft
i also like cheese
help 8 things from my steam wishlist are on sale
it’s too fun not to
so i'm in no way tempted.
still havent touched that yet
despite someone gifting it to me
blackwake is on sale
how does one get someone in trouble in online school?
were you helping students on tests
i came in to class
where does this guy live? flubs and i will teach him a lesson
real scary
exhibit a: gummy
my friend occasionally looks at me in class and smiles at me...is that a good sign?
do it
mom wants me to abuse, i mean trim the hedges, gummy ill get back to annoying you later
then yes its good
i’m craving a coffee. what’s happened to me
because i made everyone here addicted to coffee
maybe it’s the fact that i have a lot to do in the next 48 hours and all i want to do is nap 🤔
your body wants you to get coffee ice cream instead 😉
i am
not stupid to a point where its affecting my well being
and then there's stuff like the halting problem and the unification of general relativity and quantum mechanics
“no drugs as well pls”
i don’t, so i don’t know why i want one
just to give ya an idea
sorry that’s happening, blitz
also take everythign i say with a grain of salt, im just angry, i dont mean anything i say
this isnt real
good choice kugal
im doing it, i cant let today happen again
maximum full melee flow mode
or that you can’t be accessed by them, so they’d know it anyway
the focus is all just from running eidolon hunts
okay im back from flirting with my hot friend
i may regret the lack of energy
who said what to me?
lmao then youd watch it if you really wanted to
and tease gummy
where are my dating advisors?
good luck bella
no flubs and not robot
cool thanks
good luck
im not too fond of halloween
ironically last year my place got 0 trick or treaters
go trick or treating instead
one year we turned off all of the lights and covered the door in bloth to make it look totally dark like no one was home and someone stil came up and spammed the doorbell
only worse thing is apple slices <:kappa:374346980136058893>
people are pretty adamant about getting their candy
lies
<:feelsbadman:327312260970315823>
well that was tragic
f indeed
it's ok, there's always next time
shit i would be older than my big sis
im asking her out thursday
okay thanks but
im kinda curious to see what she'll say lol
what
my friend that is
that is not a pick up line
that is not normal
perfect
we live like the 18th century
enjoy
jeesh its almost 4, where did time go
screw the bus
she did a lot today in a teasing way
sooo if i date her
why would i have it?
does everyone use pick up lines on you or what?
i dont think thats how it works bud
also probably why i don’t like them
why has no one used pick up lines on me?
i went out of a bathroom
boy were they wrong!
cause thats the most common answer
and i don't want to spend money on drops after noticing that recovery time was faster when i didn't use them
dare i ask what his response was?
with spongebob
interesting
my intuition tells me that after a while there's only so much you can measure in the universe, the more advanced you go, the more it transcends the real world so why apply numbers into that context
i can’t get my head around it
sounds fun. might be able to later
i tried playing morrowind once but if you do that on anything newer than windows xp it becomes a walking catastrophe that i can't be arsed to fix
nobody asked you cortana
ehh just use wine
flubs roll and talk to me
but the c did not accept the peace treaty
pls use code word
caught up on last week's flash for the episode tonight
id hope so
they had a strange start schedule but its evened out
everything was great until i went to work
there, i felt more easily irritable than usual
i dont think i played anything on the gamecube
i guess they didnt make any in the years i played nintendo games
sticker star destroyed everything
when is paper skyrim coming out
when elder scrolls 6 is cancelled, dragonite
don't joke about tragedy rc
i would write a very angry letter to todd howard's mother
i was busy
secrecy
places arent open
we're fucked
amazon is 24/7
yeah but i need this stuff tomorrow morning
enough alcohol to get and stay drunk for all of tomorrow, a cheese wheel, a pinata, and hat
nobody has it also how the fuck do you get robbed by a me
howd you get that funky n
whaaa
oh wait
master its cursive
i think the elven dagger has the fastest swing rate
sick
oh wait the ghost weapons have lighter weights than normal weapons so they might have a faster swing rate
permaban him
fuck it
<:doit:334014889137930240>
<:doit:334014889137930240>
i found someone im smarter than
sot has more content, which is saying something
guys
predicted death date: 8 december 2057
time left: 39 years, 1 month and 9 days
gummy i can break that thing gimme it
nice
how does he get to live longer than me?
i practically diet off of pizza rolls, ,that's not at all healthy
a majority of my diet is frozen food and cold cut sandwiches
looks like you guys are outliving me
ahhh
i'm just going to check on all three stimulants
that's 24 hours from now
that doesn't seem right to me
its the only way ill survive
i’m celebrating by doing nothing
i get out a bit earlier from class than usual today. may watch something on theme. looking forward to discounted candy though
no you don't
i’ll probably just eat a couple pieces of candy my parents will hand out
i’m 5’8”
ida aren't you taller than most people
if it makes you feel any better you're probably taller than ida when she was about six years old
i hate you
i'm popeye the sailor man, i'm popeye the sailor man! i'm strong to the finish 'cause i eat me spinach, i'm popeye the sailor man!
you guys dressing up as anything today?
she’s basically a vegetarian
i have an opportunity to record xenoblade today, the question is, can i be bothered to turn my wii u on
<:kappa:374346980136058893>
xenoblade it is
i think i did
i should probably go to class soon
we're apparently going to be talking about github again
i prefer pid personally
shouldve replied "because your mom told me"
thats why
hmmm
lmao
wait you have your normal icon how did you do that?
lmao even wolfy doesn't like "to-mah-to"
he probably swapped back after that screencap was taken.
so thats $60 an hour for private security and $2600 for the flight and hotel
you guys ever get the feeling that the best way to find points for your argument is the flaws of the antithesis?
better than canadian weather
i will pay for her food though
i have to do a paper... but its also halloween.
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
its already christmas season
unless dragonite feels like staying up till 2 as usual
perfect
watch la la land with me
tcp stands for "the candy protocol" right
ftp is for like lettuce and cabbage and stuff though there really should be a separate protocol for the important stuff
uhhh
a little late, but i changed my name because i felt like it
nice nice
do tomorrow's physics tonight?
i do get made fun of too if i slightly grow it out
my physics teacher anyway
<:doit:334014889137930240>
perfect <:lul:305559915714576385>
academic or professional?
the skittles have been decimated too but now my tongue hurts too much and i dont want to eat anything else
academic
i hate halloween
gummy shut
oh they definitely are
i think halloween is moreso a fashion show now
halloween is dumb people dont even look like scary
or take matters into your own hands
im a kaiser
hey man i profit regardless
~~a kaiser roll?~~ <:keepo:327304799919800321>
okay can't wait for tomorrow
hia gummy
was that a gta reference rc?
aww...
awww whyd i do that
remember to not overthink it gummy, just ask "do you want to go out with me"
that's not what i was going for
gummy, are you trying to get no one to date you?
at the store, from your sink, in a river
what even is that
okay idk how woman think and bunni isn't around to tell me
i was watching some of the halloween episodes
you record your office?
he only gets more creed-like. its great
like so many times i wish micheal would bully her hard
ryan is one of my favs
but i love ryan
i do enjoy some of gabe's scenes when he's not going crazy for erin
he left his kid at the end so what? he's cool
the office
the office
i was confused
jim's probably still my favorite out of all the major characters
depending on context, especially the dwight one
gummy, you're definitely more dwight than jim
because spoopy memes
im here doing hw in the dark
the power he had in season 4
and its not fun
pffft haha
im gonna do that next time
if gummy wants to ask her out he must impress her
i feel deja vu coming along
not on netflix
of course he went corrupted
jeez that box office is a lot
where do i take a girl who only eats veggies and chicken out?
so she only eats birds, maybe deer
since beef
just order a medium rare steak at a nice place and the vegan instincts will be put to the test
i.e. how much your purity score drops
depends on how good the date is
my purity score is like a 90
just do that to yourself mentally
works for me a little too well
that doesn't mean you can do my drugs
there is a 25% chance she will say no
also that ^
the odds are low
watch her on the bus if she says yes
why do i have to be the "man"
<:rooblank:399827527289536512>
my friend sent me this emoji 😑
he is lonely
with what sleeping? <:gwcentralpikalul:377110562116468766>
weird, i can do that soon
but you're still a tad young for that lol
well yeah
panda, let's go get coffee
the name is quite fitting in this situation
and i usually take my coffee skim and 0-3 sugars depending on the day
gummy yeas
i think usually do almond milk
i can relate, my daily coffee costs me 3 dollars
i'd say mine costs me
hope you aren't actually drinking it everyday
i start every morning with a triple mixed with milk and chocolate protein powder
straight as the sword she forges?
well, mostly fittings and horseshoes
though she does have a scimitar which is less straight than her
or like straight as an arrow
<:lul:305559915714576385>
that spelling doesn’t agree with me
man she is teasing me hardcore saying all music i am talking about is sooo 2012
minié rifle
post malone? <:roothink:399827523581771796>
let me repeat that
<:roothink:399827523581771796>
gummy likes to segregate in his mind
and yes ida i have weird friends for example
i need help with my hair
and that i should stick to history
i am a hair person
but now i'm gonna make sure she thinks you're hideous
i got acne on my forehead as well
besides you can't hurt me rainy
.....
she will fight you
my own sister against gum
<:roothink:399827523581771796>
you were an idiot
blake isn't fuckin jacked
i am gonna kill her tomorrow!
me neither (sorta)
those are the best girls
and she said it's famous and i am an unculture swine
raven, sorta kinda
yes, but you see the problem is you never know when to stop
because eventually you cross a line and you go back to us and ask what you did wrong.
i will stop when i get there
when it was quite obvious.
see ida gets it
my grave!
partly
is this true?
i think i’ve only seen an episode of scrubs
it doesn't make it clear that that's her own grave
alright, everyone come over to my place, and we shall watch it and have the time of our lives
well ida knows me well how i always somehow i accidentally do it
night sis *hugs tighly*
sleep over?
i prefer a slumber party
fuck twitter just brokoro my kokoro
on purpose
i told her she is the best
i just said she has more than you.
bam roasted
it’s like what me and drago so
it’s fake
what's this sleep you speak of?
so what's the other option bella?
i wouldn’t know what to order. i should try that out
of what the literal differences were
if you like white chocolate go with that
oh look it's three in the morning how'd that happen bye
good enough for me, thanks guys
what do i sound like? some attractive guy that all girls fall in love with?
smash just gets way too much hype and attention
real men play mario kart
mario kart 9 is happening?
probably when the tenth gen consoles come out
next week boys next week....
okay well i blame flubs
in the northern hemisphere
well gives me a few days to work out what i wanna say to her
next holiday is christmas
because i left cookies and milk for santa once
enjoy
apparently not.
flubs.
i need your advice squid
why would it be thanksgiving related
wonderful, thank you
a character from xenoblade if i'm not mistaken
him too
that certain emperor is me
i was actually surprised they're going all out on dlc
how do you know that
oh flubs she got sick tomorrow
panda
no problem
and i can’t say i want more from the game because tons of people will call me selfish or ungrateful and say i should be happy with what we already got. fucking stupid
it was; it’s the main reason why i find smash overrated. that and i’m not a fan of fighting games
alright
but yeah, rex got relegated to being a fucking costume
hmm?
but it still has my boys
ah, purpleeyes
lab was so empty today
yeah, i guess that’s a point
i'm just really grateful that sakurai has and will continue to work on this game for some time
that was because i didnt have enough material though
but thats just because nerves
there you go
flubs
what did you say to you know who when you asked her out?
i mean theres no reason a girl shouldnt ask out a guy
who is you know who
in fact i appreciate it
i agree with flubs
worth it if it works
just have no self esteem
its only two late when one or both people are dead
alright but fear of rejection flubs
okay, yeah, true
but fell in college love
i was nice then all a sudden i was mens
here gummy ill quiz you and see if youre an incel. how would you refer to a girl who dumped you to your friends?
i got a lot of things happen to me during my love life
so i would say they were sweet?
since they were still my friend
i wouldn’t care unless they were still dating someone
i slept through it
gummy you're supposed to learn that in junior high
they started that in 5th grade for us
what else?
elementary was 0-6 here for reference
my drug friend almost got pregnant
ok but you understand that her being in a previous relationship changes nothing right
go on
depends who i don’t like
not an a hole
you know
which is a lot of people
there arent really more though
i just got home what's gummy doing now
in my life time
and upset
well good luck with that whole thing. personally ive given up on relationships because i suck at them
although skyrim would technically be useful in that it would prevent me from eating any more candy and that's probably a good thing
who knows maybe she has a dark side like me
you mean my little one or ida?
so i don't know what i would do if i wanted to settle down
yet you were in the hospital waiting for her
wait
gummy im a fuckin moron
no no no that is a good quality to have
even though well...
ahaha no
and i cannot stay stable
you take my little sister
the book says go somewhere fun
i need someone to help me grocery shop
i'll buy wine
nobody goes to the arcade anymore
1 cent
okay...
if youre asking them out invite them over
why is the library a choice?
history all the way
anytime xd
god i hate november
no offence ida i know you would
just think in less than a year you'll be able to go to a bar
that is benny's date
wtf a farmer market...that is worse than a library
not mine
so i would have to pick
itd suck almost as much as not being able to find you gba when you wanna play on it
where we wanna go
farmers market it is
fair rule is whoever asked imo
okay does the girl pay for dinner or is it the guy?
probably helps not to limit it to one place
oxygen
or what bella said
there is this good ice cream place...
ice cream is an all weather dessert
i lost my gba and my ds with the slot in the bottom
we got a bus advantage
true
tuesday no matter what
is there a stream right now?
you could help me map out the city
thats not a castlevania game
told her over snapchat because she pressure me to say it because i told her i had something to tell her
yes you can
i got rejected
gummy i'm so proud of you :')
yay?
but can i ask when will king of zeal/superskarmory will be back recording for youtube again?
i doubt even _he_ knows honestly
i am a disappointment to myself
i was watching his ocarina of time vids as it felt so nostalgic
still brokem
yes thanks
that’s how broken i am
i told her if she can build public relationships with me again
past tense
like why do you care, lol
that kid who i blocked, his brother confronted me about it in the middle of class
fighting him is better
did you guys even listen to him?....
also i wanted decidueye instead of incineorar, but i'm good already with the roster
>that sad moment when you realize you have a stronger connection with piranha plant with the games you've played over the characters in the fake banner/grinch leak since you haven't played those characters games
my teacher say the conversation and sent probably one of the sweetest emails i've ever received
skyrim
<:lul:305559915714576385>
yeah it was xp
i really want to get thi gs done
who knows, i don't feel like a mii costume would be enough to completely deconfirm a character possibility
well i wish i saw that edit sooner
like i said to that certain person i saw, he could always be dlc
smash 4's dlc had 4 newcomers
<:lul:305559915714576385>
"we got to have.... *moneyyyyyy*"
it's 3 characters
i'm not sure on how many stages we got with smash 4's dlc btw
the german empire anthem is amazing
and they were called duck hunt duo in europe
of course you'd listen to that
bummer we didn't get smash run though, but oh well
i loved playing as them
hopefully there's not going to be another stupid great maze again
the "not-so-great" maze.
and then it turns into who cares about a boyfriend when you can get an a in calculus
yes its more chill than secunda, dragonite
how many square tomatoes is it if each tomato is 3
which is better than platforming imo
i am a kaiser
i have my character predictions ready for the dlc
i see you are making use of that right today
yeah i expected as much
still gunning for elma and joker, though i have my doubts.
i know have gms open and am staring at it like "is this code i do not know what code is"
something makes me doubt that being a good thing
it probably wasn't important right
this isn't in any order btw
nah, just felt like saying it
for the record i didn't invent you rang i got it from foxtrot who got it from the addams family
who probably got it from somewhere else
you said yeet like 6 years before it became common
i could have invaded canada with all of my stupid high school videos
how did i miss that
oh you know what it's private
gummy just tell him it's dragonite's fault he'll probably believe you
i guess if you have steam 2fa enabled you should grab your phone too but only if you own skyrim
mcns were nice in like 2009 when they were the only way to get partnered but 2009 was kinda a while ago now
gren'ich gren'ich gren'ich ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
im bored want me to dig out more of my high school nonsense?
and the braggart did swagger and brandish his blade and told of bold lies and the gold he had made
hey gummy remember when you bought hg and the guy sent you a pirated version anyway
so greenland is on white witch time
also i played x in italian once even though i can only read like ten words of italian and was fine so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
cant get demonetized if you dont make any money in the first place
other n64 games aged decently, sm64 was not one of them
i actually dont really like the smb3 overworld
gummy how do you say "over your dead body" in russian
the 90s were a mistake
good maybe i should not give a shit more often
anyways, i have nothing to do until stephen’s extra life stream starts in around 3 hours
destiny 2 is supposedly free until nov 18 but i cant find where tf the free version is downloadable
hey master youre a hardware guy right?
and i tend to call myself a cat so that makes me a furry
alright they got the password
oh there once was a hero named magus the red who came riding to whiterun from old rorikstead
e!wolfram translate morse code ....------·-·-·---...
·-·-·-----.---.....--
-----.----
...----...·-·-·---.......------..---
....------------.....----
...----..-...-....----..---..---·-·-·-
yeah
..-...-...--......--
majora's mask is like the hardest game ever
and it actually takes months unless you pay money
so many options
it's painful
see if the achievements were no hit a boss or complete the game at sl1 thatd be fun
im at 0%
you know what better than that
it was trash in gen 3
anyway, so drago's going to hear the new battle theme then
why is there always a spider in my bath tub?
always been trying to catch that one in animal crossing
poor paris
i hate eating recently
dread it
like i just dont enjoy the action of eating
run from it
im also wondering this
peggy still arives
are they nice?
peggy is a fucking nightmare
runs at the speed of fucking sound into a brick wall and smashes her head into the ground
why peggy why??
as much as i would love to see everything go down, i have work tomorrow afternoon
good night ^^
she can outrun the smashening
aint nobody cooler than this dan
be a shut in neet who hasnt seen the sun in two years
yeet
he doesnt direct real funerals
damn i hit send
and peggy is back 😕
it hurts
we are many
amazing island is *already* back in fifth
sucks for you when daylight comes back in the soring
sup pham, i just got a switch, so if u got one and wanna add me, here’s my friend code.
what?
thats a lotta dollars
today i had to get up by 6:30
amazing spiderman2
i wake up at 6 for work. makes me feel like i have a productive day
when i had to get on the bus at 6:50 and be on it for an hour
how can you not get used to it
well getting up at 5 means i get to work at 6, which means i stop work at 2 and get home at 3. so i have my whole day open
12 is what i find early
i woke up at 9 today and really wasn’t into it
you get used to it.
sleeping doesnt make me less tired
1 am
okay now i am one hour behind flubs
maybe ida
interesting
hey bunni msg me perfect
i spent 1 hours before i fell asleep watching musket videos
im gonna do it beb
master = not skyrim and not sleep = not.good
good idea
i do indeed
he lives!
i dunno wat to use
use the one that doesnt sear your eyes
because christmas
there are several sections of the year:
christmas 
magfest week
<:feelsbadman:327312260970315823> lonely months
hot and lonely months
because it's christmas soon™
lets all go to magfest
i still dont know *what* magfest is
it's also a secret excuse to eat hamburgers all weekend because all of the other food in the area is either expensive or trash but dont tell my mom i said that
only convention i know what i want to go to
when going to nyc we do usually stop at albany overnight to visit friends tho
you should probably do that too
if you pay me
he has hair like you
perfect drago
radioactive is close enough
its directly across the sound from me and they have cheap crab and cheap alcohol
drink alone in sadness and cryu
ct is basically a highway with a toilet stop right
actually i think there was a dude selling ice cream by the toilet stop too
i give you my presence
playing around with my joke youtube channel
guys what do you do when that one guy you never wanted to hear from again in high school keeps messaging you and/or calling your phone
time to join fullscreen
freedom it is
it's like 1974
wing together a perfectly calculated setup
i think you're a bit too concerned about the layout but if it makes you happy and gives ya something to do, go for it
the overlay for oras looks nice
wait stream is on now?
guess i'm going to hell (the piece is called the gates of hell btw) lol xd
out with family
demand your money back
i don't see a sign that says "abandon all hope, ye who enter here"
lol xd
what else would be on the do something useful category?
hmm eyan's streaming
i figure once i 100% it i'll get sick of it and not play it again for another two weeks right
i think it took like 180 hours the last time i did it
or just not do them
twitch is broken for me
but i like free experience and money
that sounds even worse
x also has two achievements which are 'slay 100 of each ultrafauna' and they're both superbosses
drive into pillars, is a good insult
who needs to fall of the level when you can just drive into pillars, on 200cc no less
go drive into a pillar
these are quite obviously shrute bucks
gummy you deal with rc i have code to write
that's what work wants you to think
it’s so dark out
you're allowed to run around it if you can't kill it somehow
one on the broken ds one on the not broken ds
that's how many up arrows there are in the mathematical up arrow notation for the number of how many ideas he's had
i need a script writer
stephen is great tho
"let me make my *entire fucking life* public
all vloggers are uninteresting.
wait a minute
see, peggy.
he’s just professional
understandable
dont google that
im still kinda shock ida edits better than me
also writing is hard \
well i need a script writer
that explains a lot tbh
but what if youre a poketuber
that concerns me slightly less than mr. joe on street street knowing everything about my daily life
i like the stream, it's chill
flubs, you need to react to more than just the c
c is the only letter that's actually a base though
shes laying on my leggs
was a very interesting car ride.
can i rage a bit?
my mom's boyfriend put on a ben shapiro debate today
how many years will that take
i went to get free coffee at the bank while my dad did his deposit, bragged about free coffee, walked out and slipped on the ice and coffee went all over me
they're waffling about somewhere, i'm sure.
ice on the sidewalk
dragonite
it was on their property
but were you actually paying attention
brb class
well i need a lawyer and my sis is the only one that knows how to do this law thing from those ace games she played
i dont have his phone number
i wonder if they can sue you for wasting their time
how dare she say that
she likes making fun of me
it made a really loud nosie
you tripped over a mouse?
on today's episode of weird news
it's okay i called the vet
i have it
thanks
do you want a wall of 3's, flubs?
if you want absolute precision 100/3 is just 100/3
well i'm not going to give it to you
well yes. but sometimes we don't like fractions and prefer decimals
hex superior
but with the question of dec100/dec3
the chicken looks like i ran it over with a cement mixer
flubs thats normal right
rain rain go away come again another day

specifically right over gummys house
it's a dital image compressed using a discrete cosine transform
tomorrow i meet up with the girl who rejected me
i kinda wanna hear the story behind that
tried sending a picture with a message, but it didn’t go through
well done!
itd be an upgrade
also its not loadi g for me
there
~~you~~
hmmm
wouldn't they also show your face on the news?
i regret going down this road
hahaha
<:lul:305559915714576385>
fawkes? tom fawkes? <:keepo:327304799919800321>
what does that page say?
the wikipedia page for "lewd" redirects to the wikipedia page for "rainy day gamer"
"don't fucking try me"
and i believe i still have the exact same score as a year ago. this is what happens when you never get a relationship
maybe i should find jesus
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
oh wow
i'm smelling some serious heresy
i had a 70 something on this last time i check
also i used a random follower for the boethiah quest and now i feel terrible
but the islands disappearing bit
not the "no one noticing for 30+ years" but
they're your friends
the disadvantage of a morning class: i really want to get the thing we need to do today done already
history?
second on the list is annoy drago
hmmm
the reasons anyone would want to play it are beyond me though
like sit there and do nothing
also the more i talk to my uni friend
im lonely
flubs find a female version of you pls
oh i know that one guy from pirates of the caribbean
well flubs
i feel sad for him
that guy
comadore
i don't do that unless asked
thats on them
come on ida i give you attention all the time and you don't seem to like it
thank you person who said that
lmao
regal said it
according to vikings they don't say that
a hug is the most anyone gets from me
so it's even
i only hug people i like
congrats
you'll learn to enjoy it
i been too busy with gummyland
oh well for if it's nothing to do with a monarch then eh
just did my good ol civic duty
sounds funny
i sold my civic duty for drugs
only if you take them according to prescription
the drugs in question being antidepressants and vitamin d
oof i wanna lean to bros 3
i have beaten smb1
someone should collab with me
gummy what would you even do if you managed to do that
not do oot: master quest blind, probably
i know
okay, because 100%ing mm is not as bad people say it is, and you're also on the remake and not the original
because video game movies are famous for being well-made and successful
is that that rap robot tts game
im with a bunch of nerds playing a card game
though i still wish trivia murder party comes back
and then give it all to me because it was my idea
okay, this is an interesting prompt for patently stupid
i dont see it
i'm supposed to be doing homework
same to an extent
do you play nerdy board games?
how on earth are they like me then
wait how can the big man move
anyone here?
dude im great at chess
ahh bob ross
i gotta wait 20 minutes for the bus
gummy read fedpaper 10
it's mind numbing
or flubs can come and keep me company
regal is kinda like you
im so cold right now
or bludgeon gummy with your cane
don’t have a lighter
bus is here
fiddlesticks
....
a little late, but x&y were really bland
well
first thing in mind that i think when math is said is calculus
is that my cue to spend the next four hours writing code for things other than classwork or
antiderivatives are pretty neat
so did i it's called "asking kugal to do it"
is there any actual use for a function whose order is 29
but that method is gold
i forget what the other name for the biggest exponent is
python is heavy on indentation for formatting, java is heavy on brackets
what’s wrong with breakfast
okay the last time i ate breakfast voyager 2 had officially left the solar system, but only just barely
our calc teacher just sent this
the "getting up before 10:30" part
maybe 4th
things it doesnt do right: 68,7634,541
things it does right: 1
lets look at java(script) for comparison
or any standard input for that matter
i mean javascript wasnt really designed for taking console input
although node probably lets you do it
yeet
we all die eventually gummy
i wonder if i can launch both the special edition and the regular edition
2 monitors+
my teacher is swearing at git
i.e. dragonite
earth prolly
im a kaiser
got ho-oh \o/
it is bad
also i taught my dad how to use discord
flubs we should hang out sometime
new dan
<:lul:305559915714576385>
is that broccoli
string cheese
yes and i showed you her insta before
he seems like a fairly attractive man from the right angle
get it out of my head!!
and had to close my eyes for the rest of the movie
im still grossed out by that movie
welcome!
hi person
same for me!
dude snow is awesome it just doesnt get off the fucking sidewalks and i cant get to work
after that it's less fun
i have a heart with someone on snapchat
ironic that it's with breana
basically 2019 is a long year
as long as a year is, anyways
im actually not fully in charge of editing thank god
why is your name ponk
it's the sound that my fist makes when it collides with the top of his head
and somehow he likes me
most shit post admin would be...yeah prob master
ida don't encourage him
that violence was meant to be for irony tbh
you don't remember when we first met
i don't..
i do
you weren't as annoying
changed*
no you're not
to be honest
yep!
but most of the time you see me act crazy around here
sorry ida but i can't take orders well or do something i don't wanna do
i would have destroyed everything
she means me
this server is not nearly as mentally taxing as some others i'm on
someone lemme know if thats too harsh, i'm legit not sure
i like war but usually when i am here i think about it more
which leads me to think about war the most when i am here...
great now i just know my mind is as bad as eyans thanks
no drago
right gummy?
gummy you weren't enemies both of you were just dumb
and i thought ida was actually gonna end up like one of them because when eyan's server started she just went super mean to me
not here, apparently
we are good friends now
still is
i feel like i missed a lot in the few months i was gone
after 3 months they are either a sibling, best friend (flubs is the only example), or an enemy
and one of them threatens to punch me
do you make enemies so easily?
im too rough now
you were here yesterday though
which i defended
ida i need protection
but i feel a lot tougher now
i know
can confirm because school is stupid
but if you talk to the right people you don't even need that
the war of 1812 is a war that was started in 1812
who has heard of the war of 1812?
what
cheers
werent there two of them
i am suing my school
even the rejection ones
let em come to you
we are gonna do that
but we can still be friend
that will piss off two people i know for sure
just remember you got your whole life ahead of you
thank god since i hate kisd
it reduces the chances for stds and makes it less enjoyable for you
can't have friends knowing
unrelated but how much do prime time ads on national tv cost?
the russian anthem told me to follow my dreams
holy shit i am thinking what ida said to me and it’s hitting me hard
we've talked about this before
for once i thought about it
theres some things i want to catch in the pokéwalker but it requires me to get a lot of exercise and i dont feel like walking the dog or going a bunch of circles in the kitchen
has nintendo given up on qa or something
so nekopara is on switch now
nest
i'm leafleaf
<a:atpc_jumpcited:485160985028460546>
i don't remember but it might be
you need to think less
change your nickname then
flubs says "gee gummy what is your plan?"
thank you.
i say 3 more let's plays!
this let's play stuff i will only work on
what about civ?
hey ida when are we gonna hang out again?
civ, league errrr
i have castle crashers
not the first game
i gotta get through that
you can play multi player in portal?
hey heard about that new undertale prequel game?
the first chapter of it is free gummy
hey, wanna watch lion king 2?
okay
and flubs
sorry
didn't know who it was so i rejected the request
but back then it was absolute horseshit and no one wanted to pay $60 + a monthly subscription for a shittier version of wow
jeez how many ffs are there now
back when it first launched
wowee
but the hard drive investment is not to be taken lightly
too many
the world thing on steam
and probalby even more that ive never heard of
two handed or some sorta conjurer is what im leaning toward rn
usually just end up getting 50 in one handed and giving up and go full warrior
wasn't really my thing
ended up fisting alduin to death since i was a khajiit
because i'm terrified
hmmmmm
still the same thing in oblivion
but you could conjure armor along with that
btw i think this war thing has gotten to my head
actually you know what
why were there germans in hong kong
i have 108 as my iq
then ambushed and i remember crying when machine gun fire ran down
i’m very curious to know why some guy has a cut out of what i think is ash’s hat strapped onto his forehead
gonna take a bet and say soulcal
i dont like playing as an archer
lab mates and i today picked up beans with different items in the name of science.
i just beat him like 4 times in a row, and he wasnt able to play online before today, and i fucking destroyed him, and the combo i use stunlocks people if they leave an opening and also i kept taunting them
and it was worse than that
also did anyone hear about defy media shutting down?
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
406 open squads in orb vallis
tortillas have been eaten sleep now
don't
i haven't had cereal in years though
i guess i could just pet my dog until i have to go
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
hi person
i see
95% chance
guys.
you rang
~~screw family~~
so, what you’re saying is, a hurricane will come tomorrow night just so you can’t stream?
i'm not responsible for hurricanes, power outages, comcast, and acts of god
should i play skyrim
the two protagonists havent interacted too much up to that point
i have downloaded a dating app
that is fair
so i wanted to make a profile with this pic, but apparently my military friend told me it
this is too hard
active?
like me at the park or somewhere
like what i enjoy and stuff
i had a really good analogy for if you meant active like exercise
i can see how outdoor pictures would be more appealing to people
would have love to see how that would turn out
but i have a rarity beach pic when i pretend to be rarity
mapquest is not a dating app
shes been dead for like a billion years so yeah the new old people who live there would probably be confused
you set it on fire
two in the morning is nothing
thanks i've been up for 3 days
you know this sibling role play thing is so fun
wanna hang in vc and help me with my dating profile flubs?
story
and own a casino
flubs i'm looking for work as a professional dog petter, are you hiring?
i could pet your dog for you while you're away doing redacted
sorry fam im employed fulltime doing redacted right now
“i’m not tomboyish, i’m just boyish” - flubs 2018
hi dead i’m squid
there is a moth flying around my room and i hate it
impossible. because that isnt measurable and things that cant be measured dont exist
joe mama
high
flubs i get half your stuff
it's 10:38 and i havent gotten anything done yet tonight
it's what i'm about to listen to
hi i'm fucking done, i'm--oh screw this
hi didnt fucking say im, i'm dragonite
it got too quiet after flubs stormed out
uh huh...
but even if he did you'd probably still do it
he did
im about to do the craziest thing ever
hey it's not
doesn't matter
we only broke up 6 times
gummy here's a handy flowchart for how i think you should make decisions
<:rooderp:399827526744014848>
brought to you by ms paint (tm)
imma do it
lets do a pro and cons chart
wait depends
i did it
did it involve beans
panda might know
a friend for life 
that's what you are to me
okay starting to regret why i did this
10 minutes?
this is one of the rare times i use the mlp way
my way is better
not really gummy just ends up learning the wrong lesson usually
my biggest issue is the amount of services they expect you to subscribe to in order to be able to have a wide selection of newly airing shows
i hate how crunchyroll holds episodes for 1 week before the non paying people can get it
thats not much of a concern to me
guys
greetings and salutations, dan! welcome to the kingdom of zeal!
my fave flavour is salt and pepper wings
flubs i did something stupid after you left
drugs?
i mean uh welcome
what the events that happen? how are they hazing? its an artillery strike
someone doesnt understand how fast explosions are
then suffer the wait and find out later
also is there a stream tonight or something? i've been mia recently
the place
also i had a dream that i was sneak attacking draugr in skyrim
that was a fun dream
thanks flubs
also believe in your king
squidf
nice
next stream probably tomorrow
dragon tales
there we go
welcome
just be like me and make all your videos terrible <:kappa:374346980136058893>
how do i do the tm thing?
hush
yes?
that was kinda funny
but i had a sibling bonding week
i am suspicious
and you didn’t invite me for a drink?
it is right now
its the cheapest option so its what i use
still one of the best anivia players out there
by sometimes you mean always
but it's _almost as if the author has never installed an mmo before!_
obviously he started streaming twenty minutes ago but didn't realize that his internet isn't plugged in
but you didn't let him get ahead
it wasn't my best game
this damn physics project wants me to go to a height of 10 meters to drop something
except you need to actually do something in mario kart to win
you don't have to pay me i just want to pet dogs
on another note, i see a rat lying on my floor and i'm not sure what i should do about it
or do you?
omg looking at the old msgs i was way more energetic back then
you can play the game with no button inputs, that's just how you go in 12th
you need to actually do something to _lose_
holy shit i was not like what i was last year
not that tm
who even knows
someone tell daylights savings to stop so i don’t want to sleep at 5 k thanks
dark at 5? weak
like before daylight savings id feel like i was gonna get axe murdered on my way to work but now i dont
hey ida hows the arctic circle the week before christmas?
i wanted to do something similar in wearing a costume the day after halloween
will do
also i thought you said "treats" the first three times i read that
dark
you can't threaten me
hey everyone is with gummy
correct dragonite
what did i do
tell her that dragonite is cheering for her
oh well ida saved them by hanging out with me
"my father left our family for another woman"
unsurprising
does youtube hate me?
because of what i suffer two years ago
fucking parents
i feel like he's just sleep deprived again
so i am angry to this day over it
flubs wireless or wired?
i have ice cream
or i will, soon
that is all
go to razer
their keyboards have shitty keys
agreed
it was online
oh also i failed the mission
go ahead flubs

you know what's a really good keyboard?
quiet keyboards are nice
also you know what's annoying
stan lee is dead.....
didnt he die like a year ago
i like him already
his daughter confirmed he is dead
didnt his family try to fuck with him to get a bunch of money or something though
i really want to play rdr2
im sure he would appreciate that sentiment
otto was cooler than lincoln
thatd be like if people stopped fighting during a war for a day and then started fighting again
depends on how much time passes then
today i learn you can make ice
what a coincidence
see my champ pool is l o r g e
every tank
oh god, we’re probably going to get 3-5 inches of snow tomorrow
im listening to music on it just fine
and it does work fine for a lot of people and it doesnt work at all for a lot of other people
history lecture pls
i can make a math/history vid
dont rush yourself kugal
thats what i meant
gummy why are you in my oven
thats sucky rc
they dont even have to rhyme
as long as most of them are in the same language your teacher will just read too much into it and give you an a
bam assignment done
let's see for this recipe i will need:
1. 4 eggs
2. enough flour
3. gummy's liver
i'll get back to you in a few days
i'll watch once i get caught up with galaxy 2
listen, after i more or less dropped off on harvest december after how absurdly long the august arc was, i think i'm at least going to try to get caught up with something that is not 'dragonite tries to read on camera'
i just grew to the point where i stopped caring about the visual novel in general
august was too fucking long anyway and i did not have the time and the interest from prior
no my computer mouse is falling apart
prob was too rough on it
that sounds like peripheral abuse
what, did samsung make that mouse? /s
oh my mouse is an hp
fancy that
yes samsung made it
i think it may have been head icons, specifically the homestuck one
is stream potato or is it on me
will the livestream be live until 11’ish?
im not drunk im flubs
daang 😂😂😂
see the problem is youre using it for the taste and not the not thinking
what’s eyan streaming? xcom again?
i’ll take the silence as a yes
okay, ,the show more input i guess broke
that brings you to a grand total of 55,682 years in jail or cleaning the toilets in the zeal palace until the end of eternity
good to know it's still functional i gu—never mind
gummy i think skarm is mocking you
no he is not
hmm im down to 78 gb of hard drive
yeah
yeah youre definitely up late
i managed to bs my way through most of it in 90 mins
that sounds like vampirism but worse
vampirism is great though
computer mouse*
excuse me sir is this your torch
but yet you want me?
are you surprised
weird right
why is it 9 already
we shall call it "dragonite's law"
also i wanna write code
the amount of dog pets that must happen per second is greater than the amount of seconds that happen per second
so someone tell me why my computer mouse is half beaten to death?
never give them back to me ever again
you're just gonna buy new ones aren't you
sooo yeah
my depression bounces from anger to sadness to anger
then when i got back with her anger happen again
wait
i need that medicine
like?
well, my first time being depressed came when i started taking those meds
dont say that to her please
just because you arent stupid enough to do it doesnt mean you wont do it
i won’t ida
im trying my best to assist
and no
and yet im kinda down for the similar reason but for me it’s more of
it wont cure the lonely but its a damn good distraction
always wanted to experience a life of a soldier in the 18th century
that sounds like his problem
top ten smartest human beings who broke the system
it’s cold outside
says the canadian
im german!!!
we get snow
montauk and the hamptons
people are always angry there
i had fun there
not including western fire island because western fire island is the tits
you hate a lot of places
but you seem to enjoy life
haha no
he hates enjoying things
now i don’t
tbh most of the reason i dont stew in a pot of self hatred and loathing is because id be justified to and people wouldnt really be surprised
though flubs happens to not get under my skin at all...
platinum
i like dogs
dogs are fun
cats aren’t that bad as i originally thought
cats are kinda like me
they lay around all day
wait why dont i stew in a pot of self hatred and loathing
like i only dont at this point because i didnt before
that’s embarrassing
here:
im going to the hair salon
get a mohawk
and torque came up, and we reviewed that τ = fr
actually looks great...
thanks i made it myself i promise
probably by chucking prisoners off bridges and making really precise observations of how they fell to their deaths
i know, but that just gives me a few basic ideas
ida wanna cut my hair?
oh no
we've proved that √2 is irrational, we've proved that the number goes on forever, isnt that cool?
you'd think that would be impossible
because needing to state that two angles that have the same everything are equal as a separate though is absurd
and thats what makes it so not absurd
hey flubs did you know there's the quadratic equation...and the cubic equation? for cubic functions, functions like x³ and not x²
thats the cubic equation
well, math isn't simple because life isnt simple
thats why nobody likes science either
i like science and math though! d:
which is why youre frigging weird
idk maybe the higher level shit is cool but i never did any of that
if anythign it sucks really bad for the lazy kids who arent motivated and dont want to learn what they want you to learn
ok mr 100%
no gummy why
if they dont get high state test scores then some bad shit happens to the shcool or whatever
but when youre taught that shit in fucking 2nd grade art
id expect you to know
and even then i dont know my multiplication tables so not really that even
so i think thats one thing schools emphasized for soem reason
i needed it for my math classes here.
and regardless of your actual intelligence
knowing how to do basic multiplication and the primary colors doesn't exactly make you look smart
i don't talk much in class anymore, not because i dont wanna be made fun of, i've just become more quiet. but last year i wasnt as quiet and i get a lot of passive aggressive speech directed towards me lol
i was one of those until i wasnt
but now it's like the complete opposite
9th grade i took algebra, 10th grade i took geometry and algebra 2
algebra on steroids basically and i loved algebra 2
oh someone just told me algebra 2 is just the new name for trig
wacky
algebra 2 had *some* trig for me
im currently in intro to stat and calc 1
if my school gets another grant i could possibly take calc 3 and differential equations over the summer but i dont know if i want to
my calc 1 midterm was stressful enough lol
done with my phone call
not for me though 😦
dinosaurs are fucking awesome
here ill teach you about dinos instead
theyre fuckin awesome
so somehow i am talking in a breath of the wild server
then fuck em
not a courtroom
bully them back
make them feel useless
bully them back
do it!
im just not gonna acknowledge the guy again
i have fried chicken for you
why is it fried
why is it not alive
yes you can
i’m back from work ya ninnies
guys i spent the evening out of my coffin playing ping pong with dad and it somehow wasn't awful
is having a good time with your father a bad thing?
no that's not the problem the problem was that i was out of my coffin
thats redundant
i could win a world record for how stupidly redundant i can be
draco go watch grass grow or something
i was just about to go sleep actually.
go back to your coffin, dammit
did someone say steak
all sorts of cookies
excuse you all cookies are created equal
butter on cookies?
no theyre like so vanilla that they dont even contain vanilla
also i have 2+ hours of the last two worlds of smb1 to edit
why do i have to suck at this game so badly
i used to like christmas music
i like it
why do elevator button pushers exist
this is torture
ahh yes i see someone has discovered the pitch shift button
thats a tough one drago
speaking of the upside-down
no its bob ross
yes they have animals with names like kangaroo and wallaby and blue-ringed octopus
the answer is yes
google was actually really disappointing
fuck
kugal stop being good at things how dare you
ew facebook
fixed the brother blitz
its comparing two stories and how rhetorical devices were used to advanced and add power to the persuasiveness to each piece of writing
i wrote a poem about hating poetry once
im pretty sure i dont have it anymore and if i did i would probably set it on fire because it was that bad
im getting flash backs to poems some girls in my highschool wrote
like they'd have me read soem of their long ass poems on the spot and i'd have to pretend like its the best thing ever written or else i'd hurt their feelings
poetry for fun is really pleasant
i remember one day in like 9th grade? i sat on the couch and just got caught up on my english work. i got caught up, but not before doing 5+ hours of poetry quizzes and tests and readings and ***uggggggh***
this "3d rendering system" thing is haaaaaaaaaard
"shut up my sentret needs the exercise"
pokemon go is great
probably
so now im your oven
not anymore
i also considered microwave oven and motorized can opener
my butt is going to bed or something
right skarm?
85 watts
and then it ends and you are even sadder because it’s over
human with a side of aged honey mustard
that sounds familiar tbh
i fixed my mouse btw
i guess that works
i broke it with a hammer and fixed it with a hammer
we live in a society
or lack thereof
that would make it heavier than me
is 70 kg a lot and is 20 m/s a lot
watts aren't a lot
155 pounds is a lot tho
the problem is that 70 kg is ehh
maybe i should just take it up to the roof of the english building and drop it
imma become an artist
not with that attitude
bugger off mee
> is already signed into google drive
me good
found this while organising shit
it's my weekend, i ate half a pizza for breakfast, i hate my life
nahhh
i mean, it's not like me challenging gummy is much of a fight
here
i held!
t=+15 minutes and teacher is swearing at git, as usual
oh, eyan’s streaming
but i held on
hey ida civ 6 next?
if i have it i guess
both
i really should probably go home but the other people are being so weird it's hard to resist wasting time to see what airhead things they do next
climate change sure is good aint it
canada has like two seasons
and not july
at this rate i'm conviced fall just completely disappeared. so now there are only two seasons
i don’t want sala
operation operation
i thought it was operation noitarepo
what is a noitarepo
gummy go be dead
it's a girafarig
can’t i just create a goddamn palindrome
but then you would need shirts with three sleeves
but you would definitely pet it 50% more
well
well flubs they usually flow downhill
im gonna do it
i can't tell if you're just being a contrarian
this will be the stupidest thing i ever do
if you know something is a dumb idea
<:failfish:372152438355918848>
everyone gives me a less than 1% chance
great challenge
if you want to do that you can at least waste your life in the casino and not bother us abo—oh wati
i know, but i also know what the key issues of why we broke up
hint you cant
well my sis is not with me
what do you mean you werent informed of this, day 2 of cybersecurity camp when we got raspi's half of the people in the camp were playing minecraft on their damn pi's
why was it forced on?
also it was the professor's native language
rit is not a state university
so the scholarship was from rit themselves?
"opportunity"
compsci 1.5
second semester was more of the same plus a political science elective
and he had this really quiet voice and it was scheduled right after dinner
reasonable amounts of sleep is for the weak
nah cuz if i did that i couldnt get on to the night terrors as quickly
first off, mood
dont enter rem
and i just made up some 9 year olds new gamertag
xxxdragonitespamofmortalperilxxx
flubs thats asymmetric i ahte it
pretty sure that's tje gamertag of a kid on my bus
i like using 489 in names because its very witty and im quite smart
this is epic
this one
dude being sad about the future is next level
i'm in a permanent cycle of mad and sad
i'm sad about the past a lot
as i say
this is the biggest time i chased after a girl this deep
flubs if i managed to get her back, we are making an anthem
or at least your postal code
said nobody but my mom ever
i'm falling asleep from boredom at the same time
no im lazy
dragonite, you do cool things, stop
is it pronounced eye-er or err? who the fuck knows
yay for english
you americans know something called my country tis thee?
you know what pronunciation makes no sense what so ever
is hampshire not pronounced with the shur part
that’s the only way i’ve ever said it
black cats always win
cats seem so cute
i wonder what food is downstairs
i can love both
i want to pet my dog
but she's sleeping in dad's room and i dont want to wake up dad just to pet my dog
thats a funny way of pronouncing dog
unnecessary
nah jk i love my cats too much
demon lord you should upgrade to a dog
i remember begging my mom until we got one xd
why on earth would you want your code to execute _slower_
but nowadays cats are easier for me to take care of
if you were calling wait in the first place you probably dont care about that much
i want you to talk to brad about why python does or doesn't suck
he's of contrary opinions
fuck i should be sleeping
dab drago
minecraft
on the other, what kinda shitty ass parent would disapprove of a class that helps their kid be healthier and more active
but _that_ is the reason people should care not "oh no popular thing"
i tend not to like the kids who play it
college girl and i talk a bit more lately on snapchat
is it
1% chance to get her back
i love when it’s snow season just to see the majority of you guys flip out
it just still feels way too early for this area's snow season. and it's not supposed to be winter yet
bella i'm kidnapping you and forcing you to live in the temperate part of the country so you can suffer with the rest of us.
couldve walked at that point
when you grew up in phoenix
yeah
it doesn't have any sort of government
as is the part of antarctica owned by america
i think thats it station wise
its land though
and its got mountains
so ida is this true? “iceland, eh? so she's snow white, blonde or ginger, and knows how to stay warm. <:lol:304159488632422400>”
if it's about me
anyways i am gonna make an anthem
hard, the land we call our home
this, a song of sons and daughters
the bear thing killed me
thanks i hate it
i just woke up to my power being out which is confusing as hell
he got the wrong target.
again
shall we watch again?
sup pals
hmmm
once you know what verbs and prepositions are english is pretty ehhhhhhh
hey drago
how much do i have to pay you to use that?
you’re fat
i just saw a kfc commercial for chicken and waffles that had colonel sanders dancing with mrs buttersworth to that “i’ve had the time of my life” song. where did we go wrong?
this tells me nothing; just as i expected
it’s the only explanation to how i find smash bros overrated
you should use my node script to generate random usually-pronounceable character strings
im bored
does rarity work?
i never knew you were gay ida
well tbh i don't know either
i just go with w/e
hey ida would you punch me in the face if i started shipping you with rainy
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
i got two gay big sisters yay
nah i wouldn't
rainy's cute, i don't mind
that sounds weird. with and without context, gummy
both regal and ida are gay i think
one hangs out with me through games and one hangs out with me through vc
hey i held my own in civ
poetic
i forgot it
so ask someone else
wait i was dating a trans
i dont wanna scroll whats up
a trans?
and "a trans" is very rude
rainy tell me that was a rhetorical question
its only rude if the person its referring to finds it rude
transgender*?
"trans girl" is much less so
my mistake
she is scaring me
you don't need legs anyways
you already have a stockpile
gee sis you are wonderful help
i want electricity someone gimme it back
the answer is violence, dear rc
violence?
vi stands for violence
gummy you have too many best friends
there's the daily dose of insanity
best friends would be ida, flubs, stormy, and breana
what a beautiful disaster this is
then they listened lmao
skarm, language
today a prof told me to make a medicine wheel
haha what a fuckin loser. being mentally stable sometimes. what a nerd
also i'm lactose intolerant and i used to survive entirely on yogurt
same, rainy
inb4 those two actually end up hooking up
.....
i used to be fine with it but suddenly i get sick from dairy
easy cure: make enzymes stupid
so the reason why i am crazy is because of trauma and me not being able to take orders well
i love queer circles
imma smack ya
gummy how dare you
she can wait her turn
i will individually break each and every one of your knuckles
i will break your back
hard to do that without hands, sweetie
kingdom of introverted ninnies: civil war
this is just kingdom of introverted ninnies: 1 vs. 100
civil war...you are talking to a friendship and war general
been waiting for a year
but im like bi polar
hey my sisters are the best
i am genuinely happy that they see me like a younger brother
that's uh, most of the reason i made it
ditto with ida and master
here is a good joke
you promised me a joke wheres the toast
that was suppose to be an insult
in that case do i have you guys' permission to change his name to "drago's toast"
but have no toaster
you could also burn your money
i get represented by two opposite things
that would be awesome
though would mess up my personality
i like trolling hardcore here
omniustoday at 8:45 pm
got my hands on nova prime. what do you think of this moon themed fashion frame?
that is what he asked
i didnt realize that was nova prime but it looks awesome
talk to him about the birds and the bees
fight
apparently he's also supposed to be 7'03''. i don't think i believe it that much
i also have nostrils but no nose
this is fun
and when the truth finally dawns
clyde
lowering the brightness by like 20% did it
i had a shrimp today and don’t like shrimp, what’s wrong with me
help
i just need a hundred more watts to do something fun with the pokéwalker do i take the dog for a walk through the snow or just do a mile of circles in the kitchen again
she'a dumb and wonderful and spills over the floor
i’ll take your silence as “yes”
ida doing something crazy
i am gonna do that
im not human
you know
i do wanna live there
so we are likely to get back together
well shit
10,800 seconds until fantastic beasts
who wants to count down with me
if you asked an order of seconds earlier i wouldve signed up
my friend who lives several time zones ahead of me says it was underwhelming
sick
its great
it took me like a half hour to get out of bed this morning
it took me 10 seconds
just kinda...roll right out onto the floor
i'd join you but i'm already in bed
good job
where did you leave it for that to happen
it happened before i lost it i went to class in the rain a bunch of times
either that or my roof is leaking
mood
i love pie
that was exactly what i meant when i said that
but it didn't make that much of an impact and far less people probably played it
i think it's that they look at the game with the highest accumulated review score
so maybe ones like kotaku's review of the game might be a factor as to how xeno 2 didn't get it instead of dragonquest.
also like what do they matter at all
who even knows, all i know is that smash is probably not likely to get an award this year because of the december release date
insert obvious joke
i like beef
thanks i think i was happier not thinking about that
must eyan stream when i’m not home?
the nirnroot one probably
i did once
weird
running on the world map that is not like frame rate or anything
i dunno if he wants to play that
i agree with imouto
i once did that
would there be a challenge run for pokémon or/as
even if i wouldnt like them under any other circumstances
in which case its perfectly acceptable
same thing with my dad actually, you would think at first he's the nicest guy on the planet, but when you start to spend time with him, that's when things start to go downhill
idk maybe im just weird but i never felt any reason to be nice to my parents
i'm playing with some people
also it's 4 am
oh okay
i get the whole 5 days to myself, no classes or attendence its pretty nice
hmm..
you’re welcome blitz
was a much needed visit because it definitely distracted me from ym stress and stuff and i was feeling lonely as shit this week
it’s always good to get out for a while
personal favorite kind is the one where it only gets funnier and funnier and you  can’t stop laughing, and you try to stop, making it funnier
me: gets up, sees that it's just after 9 am
hey i'm up early for once
that's only three hours are you okay
a bit at two, 3-6, then got up at 7:30
i can’t math rn. it’s ok lol
guys
never played either. both look ok to me
it's a running gag that i never finish anything and then have it destroyed
yes flubs you can once i am done with it
if im alive then ill do it
perfect
that was the plan
though pls don't upload nsfw
or attack anyone
errrrr
you are the best
btw like my new icon i posted in creative?
yeet
as well
there's your score
math bad
no math just made quantum mechanics make sense to human brains
without the catalyst of math the leaps to get here would never be made, not before the heat death at any rate
wait a minute why is dragonite on the side of the physics engine while im supporting the compiler
flubs say something funny
that is not funny
all right where's my provoking stick
i wanna pick a fight with this blade lord person
blade lord nayru*
you should pick a fight with like a bumble bee or something
that was drat—
[dragonitespam's corporeal body has been removed from the space-time continuum]
tell me more tell me more
i wanna hear little dratini stories
i mean i think we all knew that part
remember when a bunch of forum people got drunk and decided to copy and paste their sexuality in lastvillage?
and literally everyone else asked them to stop and they didn't stop?
pogi was the leader
interesting
i worded it wrong but yeah
what?
i was very close to one though
but stop at the end
though years later we kinda talk and hes not over me trying to hunt him down
the most dangerous game
ida wanna talk about pie or something
i can't forgive that
actually there was more than one person...
i mean getting someone sent to prison ruins their life but if they murdered your parents it prolly justified
you dig yourself out of it
don't rely on flubs for it
flubs maybe just wait a little while before being morbid
okay new plan let me dig around
its just an example of when sending someone to prison is ok
it's not medieval there's an office building and cars and stuff in the corner
yes i do
also its a picture
do you criticized all my pics and art?
thats definitely a digital image
so skyrim stream it is when i have time
gonna teach drago
but resetting every time you accidentally blow lydia off a mountain is annoying
play the very special edition
why do you own all the dlc if you gave up ten seconds into the base game
i played for 45 minutes
i rounded down a bit
so you _did_ beat the tutorial bear
hmmm
***hey dragonite did you hear your baby cousin won an award for marching band and was named ceo of earth, incorporated and has a girlfriend*** and by the way are you still like alive and stuff?
or lego® the lord of the rings™
cousin comparison is definitely the worst
also ida there is no such thing as "finishing skyrim" because it's so damn long that by the time you 100% it you've already forgotten the first 75%
oh hey digging through my pics
but i havent run it in like ten lines and i'm terrified
the guy is rich flubs
be nice to your dog
(◕ ε ◕)
which is 100% acceptable by the way
i can't play drv3
without a controller
ive always wanted to become imprisioned in school
so don't watch that
dishonored
gummy you are already a dishonor why would you need to do it virtually
but dont 100% it because the dunwall city trials are fucking horrible
which are basically semiannual two-week black fridays
fair enough
but....
ram might go down in price in 2019
component
you can
no i definitely cant
i will teach you
how many gb per hard drive do you waste on average?
all of it
well if you're ever looking for more harddrive space i think i saw a 1tb ssd somewhere for like $130~140
ssds have gotten cheaper
that's like their whole shtick
every day is black friday with newegg
squid arent you boneless though
lol wearing socks
socks are the only garment humanity needs
not if theyre on the right places
shinies are important
squid squid dont have bones
did you hear someone got sued by nintendo for running a rom site>
yeah but this is newsworthy because it was the biggest one and it was really good and its gone now
and ive been trying to get out of those for _decades_
ill give you an omega ruby
what..
its a gross answer you really dont want it
ewwww
youtube just shitted itself again
it's fine for me now after a couple minutes
i am angry
hi angry i'm etinogard
what kind of bear is the strongest?
black bear
fuck
micheal is almost about to leave 😭
what show
why would i watch a show about offices i go to one every day
why would i need more of that in my life
charizard
then the name is a lie
"these people literally behave like my coworkers why would i want to watch it on tv"
the first season sucks flubs
the second season is when character development starts
or all laugh-track television besides the addams family anyway
i dont watch shows that the first season sucks for. because every single one of those shows is "oh that season isnt very good either it peaks around season 2 bazillion"
i wouldntve watched that on my own
and you love the fat guy
> math
“fucknugget” is that a new mcdonald’s item? <:keepo:327304799919800321>
i have been inspired this morning
would that be a place that sells like rna bubbles or something
drago's pet shop
okay, his favorite food is the fingers of people who aren't as smart as they think they are
hey hey just because i wanted a tyrannosaurus as a pet at one poitn in my life means it's okay for _everyone_ to do taht
tarantulas can be pets
post a video of that on twitter and youtube when that happens
ida if you don't know what those are you probably dont want to look it up
problem is
do you have like an atom bomb i can borrow
wasps. oh wait, that's deadlier
i was so happy in my omega ruby let's play
also creator studio bullshit is dumb
i can be sane when i want to
can someone kill me
crap i was in need of a filled soul gem
i got fired after
what does that mean
gummy has your waifu been informed of this
i did a switch for the day
with a mod
surprisingly all of you recognize my waifu
i'm going to leave it that way until march
welp
but i want her to
that should probably tell you something
i know
im not gonna pressure
but doesn’t trust me
i never played it out
~~chicken breasts or real ones?~~ <:kappapride:379352530863521792>
you mean 0.000000001%?
yes sis
actually i expected something worse
oh ida hates me today
you rang
taht was like 80% of the fun
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
ping me if you set up a game
that's me and ida, anyone else?
it's most fun with like 4+
maybe when i have time wednesday
i could probably find a better one pretty easilyi though tbh
and master is russia
gummy you can be antarctica
no gummy can be germany
i will be prussia though
1815 for the first european one
apparently it came back
prob because of those
i did bad
didnt you only break up like three days ago
flubs we need an anthem after this
few weeks drago
if this works
hey theres a statue of satan in a public square in kansas or something because of the confederation
i dont know if its kansas but kansas is in one of the two groupings of states that are all the same
drago actually watches history videos
all right i'm deleting the internet again
drago you are greedy
drago you suck at making a taco
worse.
still arbitrary.
anyway i have an hour before i have to leave for class should i spend it making games or eating food
i eat them so quickly does it even matter
why do you think im putting them in your sandwich
i'm signing up for classes and apparently i have to take a film class for game design
it’s stupid
i hate film
what is the film class about?
there’s a lot more info about it than o ever realized
i wasnt allowed to mumble and stare at the ceiling
you haven’t gotten grades back yet?
oh damn i'm late i could've subbed in for drago on data structures
sounds like a fun one
wait you *aren't* trolling
im not
“what killed the dinosaurs? the ice age!”
so i watch smosh do a video about harry potter
false: it’s a 51% chance
dragonite does it make you happy that tes 6 is on the same engine as the past bazillion bethesda games
yeah creation i used google
only skyrim, fo4 and 76 so far run on creation
and even if its technically a different engine is it really *different*
is reddit down?
nvm wasnt on wifi
well i dont like having a beard and facial hair because it's more trouble than it's worth
flubs
i'm surprised so many people want warrior.
to me, it's pretty boring, you just swing at shit
you played mage
but that one wasnt fromt he beginning i thought
you were mostly just testing whether or not the stream would even work tho
it might be different now
hey eyan, is it still possible we might see you play fire emblem?
so, uh, i wouldn't count on it anytime soon
just play better 4head
i tried picking up fire emblem echoes last year but i couldn't really get into it
i believe i played the demo for awakening; didn’t really care for it
echoes is not the game to start with
i should work on that
my recomendation would be awakening since its my favorite and its the one i started with
but blazing blade isnt bad either
i just dedicate a day to steam games
and i know echoes is a remake of one of the originals
since i own it, lol
good choice
i'm honestly not that interested in slay the spire
i kind of wanna play 100% orange juice
ive played the older games and for a first fe, awakening is probably the best choice
plus, im super biased towards it
it's kind of boring single player
what was the problems with the steam version?
i'm bored and kind of want to play some multiplayer....
ya'll are kind of making me want to stream even though i didn't want to tonight, lol
i just woke up from an exhaustion nap, hi eyan
holy shit flubs it's crazy
they all left me
duh, i play plenty of games without streaming, lol
cah sounds fun, they removed blank cards though
i never draw them
no bulls allowed? <:keepo:327304799919800321>
it's back, without blank cards
i'm down to  play
like huge
hell no
just when i think gummy has run out of ways for me to be disappointed in him, he disappoints me again.
wheres my money then
trust is not something you can always win back, especially if you screw up bad enough.  knowing your track record, i know what i'd be putting money on
blind luck
<:failfish:372152438355918848>
yup but the plan this time was to fix it
they're close *to her*
true
well do it sooner rather than later, and by that i mean throw in the towel
mostly your own
you're killing some of the patience i have left with this kind of stuff
all i can think of every time you bring this up
keep it to dm's, but if you bring this shit up in chat again i'm gonna be extremely attempted to kick you.
that might take a week
gummy
more
can you guys remove me on nov 23?
thats the 26
password?
how do i add slowmode but just for gummy?
exit
like he literally just said
no rc
first time i entered it, it didn’t go through
drago
got nothing better to do, might as well
damn u guys went in on gummy
round 2 rn
i wonder who this etinogard person is <:gwupugurithinking:390299785841606656>
linked in
make the industry into a game
no i just send death threats to it whenever it pms me about shit
cah?
i dont wanna get the thing tho
nonsense it's just soda poured on your hamburger so you dont have to eat them separately
also did the rules change? i appear to be getting the cards that i play but are not selected returned to me
by the way flubs would you mine going up on my roof and fixing my tv aerial? i'll hold the ladder still so you dont fall and die
its not a murder if its by accident
we are all terrible. we are the hive.
good lord squid
rainy
join cah
hmmm
the linkedin thing has a bunch of tags you can search by
nerds
i understand how it works now
nobody cares about grammar
it's about being edgy
rainy if you want a job done right do it yourself
how motivating
look, the real gay agenda is necromancy
it's all about playing to the czar
god bless rngesus
it was the card i drew that turn
oh my god
based off who the czar was
you need communication, an owlbear, and communication with said owlbear
somebody
yeah, my cards suck too
about 33% chance of this being the last round
wait
gn ida
oh ida forgot to leave and rainy is typing
all i have so far
is the hookshot and the grappling hook
wait
got mine on fire mountain platform
its great
does this black card not even matter to y'all?
i said i have no good cards
there are no such things as good cards
of all of the cards that could have been on the screen when mom walked in
him and panda were both at 7/8
why are you hating on the show i forgot how to spell
i poked through the source in the inspect element button lat time i was the card czar
how could you
wait a minute how on earth am i beating _panda_
very carefully
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
(๑•͈ᴗ•͈)b
dammit
yeah but rainy is orders of suck above us just like gummy for orders of stupidity
that would rot after a weeek
ok but if i change it out
i dont knwo
in other news it turns out that telling a computer to figure out if two angles are close-ish to each other is _ass_
not a single expression
basically something that you could do in glsl and expect to work the way you intended it
depends on how many times you need to run the operation
just a couple times every update
i really like the way gamepad drivers don't give you the angle that an analog stick is pointing and just make you do all the math yourself
kugal are you a fan of modulo division
guys, im watching bob ross as i do hw and ive never been so calm
a bunch of scientists did a study once about why we sleep and after a ridiculous amount of time and grant money they concluded that it was "because we feel sleepy"
that was a while ago though and i think they sort of understand why now
he got paid for it too
did you ever stop to wonder that like
someone got _paid_ to write that
you've never known boredom until you've explored the packaging information on your furniture
theres nothing to do but be sad about the amount of debt youre gonna be in and get sicker by being around sick people
did your ds charger not reach the wall outlet or something
dont even know what g++
is it a vape  or something
i can talk about generics and abstract data types all day dammit
me: ok it's midnight i should go sleep
brain: random burst of energy workout time go go go
from scratch
not dead
congratulations
once a _month?_
i clean my room, and if i leave my door open for more than a few minutes, my cat's peed in it.
the first thing that happened when i got out of bed today was my dog jumping into it
good ol' scishow
i think these stat questions are legit broken
well, ,i missed the last sat test for this year. so at this rate, i'm not going to be able to apply for college next year
i know that feeling
i don't think we have one of those nearby in corn central
the only test i had to take was an accuplacer and bam that was good nuff
just dont take the tests
i havent played a pokemon game for years ):
fair enough, rc.
darn, i wanna play games rn
so you pay to have a chance to pay to go to college
yeah, theres no guarantee
life
societal pressure, higher-paying jobs, dream jobs/careers, etc.. take your pick
not even that, but just the hope for financial stability
not higher paying jobs for college?
im good (:
neither are as easy as that
we're all gonna die!
i was gonna say something about doing what makes you happy no matter the cost but yeet
and liberty and the pursuit of happiness
yeah, who knows when that thing will get pissed and attack you
wait its probably a pound of water
that's most likely wrong
different acceleration due to gravity
never heard of those
the physics gnomes went on strike so gravity on venus is whatever it wants to be
yes, because venus isnt as massive as the earth
it also doesnt matter because the atmosphere would dissolve your bones on venus before you hit the ground
well we're not taking the atmosphere into consideration
but whys it a planet then
its not dependent on if its a planet or not
those still are a thing?
ok so the moon isnt a planet but has gravity. but rocks in space dont have gravity. why not.
keep in mind i was like 8 lmao
yo momma thinks square roots are vegetables
so why arent they planets
everything that exists that has mass has a force of gravity
because they dotn fill the criteria for classification
flubs is a planet
so the moon isnt a planet because it doesnt orbit the sun, and pluto isnt a planet because its too small
why arent stars in solar systems with two stars planets
never gonna give you up. never gonna let you down
that’s what kids do: repeat the same shit a million times until someone yells at them
man child
brb vacuuming up the planet's atmosphere so sound can't penetrate it
i'll just need a death star-sized bag that's all
or just get an actual death star and then destroy the planet
first, they got to deal with the hundreds of thousands of people saying how terrible fallout 76 is
maybe beth can give me an early copy so we don't have to keep the apocalypse waiting
or they could just give me the code for the updated creation engine without all of the assets in it
oh my god, ,the score for the ps4 version...
theres nothing on yt i want to watch. send help
one channel i've gotten into the last few days is mother's basement
yes demon lord
big yes
it is currently painful to keep my eyes open
but i got friggin stuff to do man i dont wanna sleep
serious is subjective
that sounds like a personal problem
i named my sister voldemort in my contacts and now i flinch every time she sends me a message
alright so i have to make a decision today. do i just eat turkey cold cuts with instant gravy on top or do i make myself an entire turkey and eat the same thing for a month
then again i do love to cook, and stuffing tastes real good
i never said all my suggestions would be good
but you also didnt say all your suggestions would be as horrible as they are
oh, i love the amount of chaos you can get from the crowd control extension on twitch
yet to be uncovered, and if those secrets were to be exposed their criminal empire would collapse
they were the same man the whole time
if you speedrun it'll only take 50 minutes
aight well ive got 50 minutes so ill go start now
ew rom hacks
speaking of pokemon tho
three tiles
<:kreygasm:327309186515992577>
oh right, warframe is on the switch now
i havent eaten at all today. this sucks.
i'm guessing you successfully caught it because fuck the safari zone
i'm bored
join vc
cant
yes i know its terrible
i dont know what people like and dont like anymore
soap
i do
he was a nice kid. gross though
how do you pat harshly
wack
sure idk its name
or that one
also my nemesis is here
it's the one from mario
that everybody hates
that's hammer bros and bloopers
so far ive got a penguin, a bat, a little...thing? i dont know what youd define it as, a kangaroo like thing, and a light fixture
:boxthinking:
thats not irritating at all
...what is it
ive heard people refer to it as someone between 20 and 30
whatever that means
"whenever you want to blame something and dont know who to blame"
i think the last one has a story behind it
i almost did that once fortunately the imposter site was trash and looked nothing like what the actual site looked like and i figured it out pretty quickly
lmao good
just not happy
ooooh probably a trumpet
yeah i keep on wasting a bunch of hours playing terraria with people i hardly care about then wondering what im doing with my life when they think i do care
did you ever think a combination of words were never going to be said in a conversation ever
ok it’s back but now it’s got bite marks on the outside. i can live with that
i'm definitely creating enemies with the let's go base atm
hi yes i’m a band man. can confirm woodwinds are the worst (like it just ends there at truth)
i need to be at breakfast stream more
it’s great
most of the time i am still asleep by the time it starts
~~now why would you accuse twitch grandpa of something like that?~~
i've seen someone in chat say that mark looked a little like gordon ramsay
my issue is that they're during the three hours out of the day where i definitely should not be watching livestreams
speaking of bad man, some people in their patreon server might send stephen a shirt with “badman” on it. and mal is in on it 😛
oh man am i anticipating a return of ss productions?
probably not "ss productions" specifically, but it seems like eyan is planning some sort of return.
makes sense to me.
but i hate to completely toss away ss completely.  i think the best way to handle those comments is to just prove them wrong this time
lemme check
morrowind is 50% off
nier automata is 50% off
dammit
my plan was to put together a smaller dream team than last time, preferably a more manageable one.  pretty much anybody who's a mod somewhere is at least part of the discussion though.
bella what i havent eaten breakfast since 2014
you take away my modship so you can kick me off the team
do it
i don't want emotions antymore
<:seemsgood:488173895246151680>
you're in the running too
i thoguht that said something else
is it really super secret though
not anymore
it's just a server that was built around my old skype group before we moved to discord
oh it's not grey
i opened skype the other day and my eyes threw up
just find out how messy her house is and make yours messy to the same degree and she won't notice
just make it as messy as mine
~~so you’re a hoarder?~~
squid i said i'd clean my room later dammit
when is later?
when i decide it is
so prepare for reading
i just remembered today is when we get stuffing.
i’m so ready
so all of the things that i'm probably going to be awful at
i ain’t doing good at understandin’ your language
he'll never make it past that step
or he’ll get stuck at anger
france is still a relevant country
ida you are the 10th person in the past week to say im in denial
france is a myth
flubs is a myth
gummy i know you like ponies but you don't have to pretend to be a structure that - there is no way to end this sentence that isnt awful
im not a pony
though always wanted to be a girl for a day
gummy is the thing youre plotting the thing you told me about or something else
and it's working
im pretty sure the first person in human history who wants to wear heels
oh gummy
now i look as superior as i am
is 5 7 tall?
oh flubs great news i got a new right hand man
i think i will teach him how to be like me
i threw so many tantrums yet always get something or someone i wanted
and i succeeded so thats why friend is jealous
rainy if i eat now i cant eat as much later today
that is not how that works
i havent eaten since 2 days ago, so im hungry, so i want to eat, so i will eat more than i otherwise would
makes sense to me
nah not family
she’s gonna tease me
yeah but i get to eat at dinner time not lunch time
i always hated thanksgiving which is weird because its a lot of cooking which i love. but i hate eating so early and then being hungry at like 1 in the morning
18 century military food is better
gummy ive made like 5 loaves of bread its awesome
and a bunch of stuffing and turkey and shit
where is my invitation?
also you said he cannot eat human food
he wont?
so im coming soon
what if i bring a cake?
i just noticed how much food im making
maybe ill donate some of this or something because jesus this is way too much even for my fridge
he will eat all of it
what did i juat walk in on
this also lets me play pocket monsters all day
i have a question
me or your cousins?
unfortunately you
theres too many breaks
but we should at least honour the natives we murdered
yeah not a fan personally
you can give him money now and then flaunt it later
i did back when i was in elementary and middle school
or creep her out ifk
role red
looks orange. or a red orange
what about your pink?
that is a combination of red and less red
ahhhhh
god no
im just done making the food for the most part
you do that while i make my new anthem
cousins annoy drago
and put them all in the same room
new jersey accent
yeah thanksgiving in canada is not what it is down there
i hate it
yeah that ones integration assigned, ida
merry givethanksing
<:seemsgood:488173895246151680>
im thankful for ponies, my pony friends, war, and muskets
behaved?
im thankful for flubs
wow narcissistic much
ehh she spelled cornucopia correctly so its ok
some people give me a weird look when i do it irl since they can hear me whisper it
oh flubs tomorrow is cyber monday
black friday
<:failfish:372152438355918848>
flubs what should i buy tomorrow?
but one of them went home and there is now 33% less dog in the building
kitchen shears?
i guess
easy
same with the reciprocating one.
if you dont need goggles normally you arent cooking right
cooking should be a contact sport honestly
help
master wanna talk opengl or something?
or your skin
but i made a server for the dnd campaign i'm running, and i had to make a channel for skyrim quotes because one of the players would not stop
because i know 0 people from that state
lol ida
bc im gonna put a hat on one but im not sure which yet
dan?
no we already have 8 players
the closest one is string cheese dan
tomorrow is black friday so i gotta go to best buy
see whats on sale
tomorrow is national stay at home day
except we're going to see fantastic beasts for the second time so i actually wont
could work well
gummy what if youre left handed
but he is not awake as the same time as me
i keep hearing word about it, is it worth watching?
you need to know the hp storyline and the previous film to get any of it
nobody is more dangerous than a man with nothing to lose
trust nobody
bella go see fantastic beasts right this instant
i just did the math and if i have this food for lunch itd take 3 weeks to make this not cost me more than normal lunch
i saw it already, dragonite
you know flubs
bella go watch it again
just took a calculus quiz but i feel like 3 of the questions were messed up
bc like you gotta celebrate christmas right? but idfk how to do any of that shit besides the food
both
mess with console commands got it
about that
been stuck like this for a full minute now
nice
i dont mind turkey, its good, but i looked at what we're having and it looks 10 times better
lmao, i feel you
its only too dry if you do it wrong
stuffing? what is it?
stuffing indeed
the fuck is it?
its food and it is goddamn amazing
kugal youve only eaten like 3 foods shut
i was about to question how you've never had turkey
then i remembered you're canadian
stuffing is life
there we go
mr food expert
errrr
expert
mr food expert
whats the word. pm me it
mr food expert
i should probably drag my right hand man here for protection
help i want more pie
get more pie
master
because people are sick of you talking about your ex and expert happens to contain those two letters
this is interesting
im definitely gonna be even a bigger pain
i can get ban sure
alright lets make this easy for you then
he still has an alt somewhere around here that he mentioned earlier
thats a nice way to put it majestic haha
oh well
do i want to know?
