Their rising all at once was as the sound of a thunder heard remote.
Once the rockets are up, who cares where they come down?
Where tillage begins, other arts follow. The farmers therefore are the founders of human civilization.
Thou salt not muzzle the ox when he treadeth out the corn.
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
The haft of the arrow had been feathered with one of the eagle's own plumes. We often give our enemies the means of our own destruction.
Joyfully to the breeze royal Odysseus spread his sail, and with his rudder skillfully he steered.
The unleashed power of the atom has changed everything save our modes of thinking, and we thus drift toward unparalleled catastrophes.
Happiness: a good bank account, a good cook and a good digestion.
If the brain were so simple we could understand it, we would be so simple we couldn't.
Here Hector entered, with a spear eleven cubits long in his hand; the bronze point gleamed in front of him, and was fastened to the shaft of the spear by a ring of gold.
So teach us to number our days, so that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom.
Wherever we look, the work of the chemist has raised the level of our civilization and has increased the productive capacity of our nation.
Who pulleth out this sword of this stone and anvil, is rightwise king born of all England
The only thing that saves us from the bureaucracy is its inefficiency.
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves.
I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving.
Computer are like Old Testament gods: lots of rules and no mercy.
Three things are to be looked to in a building: that it stand on the right spot; that it be securely founded; that it be successfully executed.
Better is bread with a happy heart/Than wealth with vexation.
As soon as men decide that all means are permitted to fight an evil, then their good becomes indistinguishable from the evil that they set out to destroy.
Compound interest is the most powerful force in the universe.
Only within the moment of time represented by the present century as one species, man, acquired significant power to alter the nature of his world.
Education is the best provision for old age.
Is it a fact - or have I dreamt it - that, by means of electricity, the world of matter has become a great nerve, vibrating thousands of miles in a breathless point of time?
There's a basic principle about consumer electronics: it gets more powerful all the time and it gets cheaper all the time.
Instrumental or mechanical sciencce is the noblest and, above all others, the most useful.
The nation that destroys its soil destroys itself.
Aeronautics was neither an industry nor a science. It was a miracle.
I think we all agree, the past is over.
The new electronic interdependence recreates the world in the image of a global village.
The day when two army corps can annihilate each other in one second, all civilized nations, it is to be hoped, will recoil from war and discharge their troops.
My kingdom for a horse!
Do not wait to strike 'til the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
The night is far spent, the day is at hand; let us therefore cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armor of light.
The press is the best instrument for enlightening the mind of man, and improving him as a rational, moral and social being.
How happy are those whose walls already rise!
The speed of communication is wondrous to behold. It is also true that speed can multiply the distribution of information that we know to be untrue.
Mathematics is the gate and key to the sciences.
When pieces of bronze or gold or iron break, the metal-smith welds them together again in the fire, and the bond is established.
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
Wars may be fought with weapons, but they are won by men. It is the spirit of the men who follow and of the man who leads that gains the victory.
The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.
The impact of nanotechnology is expected to exceed the impact the electronics revolution has had on our lives.
The winds and the waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.
The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one.
He made an instrument to know/If the moon shine at full or no.
Every particle of matter is attracted by or gravitates to every other particle of matter with a force inversely proportional to the squares of their distances.
In nothing do men more nearly approach the gods than in giving health to men.
There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance.
Measure what is measurable, and make measurable what is not so.
Ben, I want to say one word to you, just one word: plastics.
Shall the clay say to him that fashioneth it, What makest thou?
It is a newspaper's duty to print the news and raise hell.
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible.
The whole country was tied together by radio. We all experienced the same heroes and comedians and singers. They were giants.
The introduction of so powerful an agent as steam to a carriage on wheels will make a great change in the situation of man.
And homeless near a thousand homes I stood, and near a thousand tables pined and wanted food.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
It is well that war is so terrible, or we should grow too fond of it.
A good rule for rocket experimenters to follow is this: always assume that it will explode.
He who commands the sea has command of everything.
Now, somehow, in some new way, the sky seemed almost alien.
Every great advance in science has issues from a new audacity of imagination.
Be extremely subtle, even to the point of formlessness. Be extremely mysterious, even to the point of soundlessness. Thereby you can be the director of the opponent's fate.
The nations of the West hope that by means of steam communications all the world will become as one family.
John Henry said to his Captain: 'A man ain't nothin' but a man,/And before I'll let your steam drill beat me down,/I'll die with the hammer in my hand.
I once sent a dozen of my friends a telegram saying 'flee at once - all is discovered.' They all left town immediately.
Three things are necessary for the salvation of man: to know what he ought to believe; to know what he ought to desire; and to know what he ought to do.
Even brute beasts and wandering birds do not fall for the same traps or nets twice.
Wisdom and virtue are like the two wheels of a cart.
He who destroys a good book kills reason itself.
The temple is like no other building in the world. It has towers and decoration and all the refinements which the human genius can conceive of.
To achieve great things, two things are needed: a plan, and not quite enough time.
Pale Death beats equally at the poor man's gate and at the palaces of kings.
The katun is established at Chicen Itza. The settlement of the Itza shall take place there. The quetzal shall come, the green bird shall come. Ah Kantenal shall come. It is the word of God. The Itza shall come.
Why man, he doth bestride the narrow world like a colossus; and we petty men walk under his huge legs, and peep about to find ourselves dishonorable graves.
Come to me, all who labor and are heavy burdened, and I will give you rest.
We only live to discover beauty. All else is a form of waiting.
Most of us can, ad we choose, make of the world either a palace or a prison.
Libraries are as the shrine where all the relics of the ancient saints, full of true virtue, and all that without delusion or imposture are preserved and restored.
They that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters; these see the works of the Lord, and his wonders in the deep.
The art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the enemy's...not attacking, but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable.
For it soars to a height to match the sky, and as if surging up from amongst the other buildings it stands on high and looks down upon the remainder of the city, adorning it, because it is a part of it, but glorying in its own beauty.
I think that if ever a mortal heard the word of God it would be in a garden at the cool of day.
Bushido is realized in the presence of death. This means choosing death whenever there is a choice between life and death. There is not other reasoning.
The Law is a fortress on a hill that armies cannot take or floods wash away.
Every genuine work of art has as much reason for being as the earth and the sun.
Few romances can ever surpass that of the granite citadel on top of the beetling precipices of Machu Picchu, the crown of Inca Land.
Architecture has recorded the great ideas of the human race. Not only every religious symbol, but every human thought has its page in that vast book.
The ancient Oracle said that I was the wisest of all the Greeks. It is because I alone, of all the Greeks, know that I know nothing.
In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable.
Things always seem fairer when we look back at them, and it is out of of that inaccessible tower of the past that Longing leans and beckons.
O, let not the pains of death which come upon thee enter into my body. I am the god Tem, and I am in the foremost part of the sky, and the power which protecteth me is that which is with all the gods forever.
I live and love in God's peculiar light.
Give me your tired, your poor,/Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,/The wretched refuse of your teeming shore./Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,/I lift my lamp beside the golden door.
Time crumbles things; everything grows old and is forgotten under the power of time.
Those who lose dreaming are lost.
The Taj Mahal rises above the banks of the river like a solitary tear suspended on the cheek of time.
More than ever before in human history, we share a common destiny. We can master it only if we face it together. And that is why we have the United Nations.
Such is the patriot's boast, where'er we roam, His first, best country ever is, at home.
The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth.
The brain is like a muscle. When it is in use we feel very good. Understanding is joyous.
The fate of unborn millions will now depend, under God, on the courage and conduct of this army. We have, therefore, to resolve to conquer or die.
Every French soldier carries a marshal's baton in his knapsack.
The physician can bury his mistakes, but the architect can only advise his client to plant vines.
Numberless are the world's wonders, but none more wonderful than man.
Honesty is the best policy.
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
The true test of civilization is, not the census, nor the size of cities, nor the crops - no, but the kind of man the country turns out.
The city is the teacher of the man.
Stand your ground. Don't fire unless fired upon, but if they mean to have a war let it begin here!
Seek not the lie of the immortals, but enjoy to the full the resources that are within reach.
If I can in any way contribute to the diversion or improvement of the country in which I live, I shall leave it with the secret satisfaction of thinking that I have not lived in vain.
Proud is the spirit of Zeus-fostered kings -- their honor comes from Zeus, and Zeus, god of council, loves them.
He who knows others is wise; He who know himself is enlightened.
The king's might is greater than human, and his arm is very long.
An emperor is subject to no one but God and justice.
This life of man appears for a short space, but of what went before of what is to follow we are utterly ignorant.
The voice of the people is the voice of God.
Whoever desires to found a state and give it laws, must start with assuming that all men are bad and ever ready to display their vicious nature, whenever they may find occasion for it.
In the country of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
Do you not know, my son, with what little understanding the world is ruled?
We admit of no government by divine right...the only legitimate right to govern is an express grant of power from the governed.
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
The day of small nations has long passed away. The day of empires has come.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
A single death is a tragedy. A million deaths is a statistic.
Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall!
For tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.
The future is not what it used to be.
I never think about the future - it comes soon enough.
