fine fine
just a reminder that 3 diamonds are needed for the storage heart.
waking up tomorrow is going to be a pain, it's always more difficult in the cold
what is it stuck
hmmm interesting
it has music playing in it
my pasta
none of us have any knowledge in morse code, so we wouldn't understand it
i don’t even know what that is
i can't tell who raised the hand on mobile
flubs tell them about benny’s casino luck last night
the p stands for "public", silly goose
i have one pencil tho
waffles or pancakes
i dont really care what quality its in
talk about that
we died so many times to it
yeah i love running dishonored, but dishonored 2 made me want to die. its all so random
i didn't know that you were you
i meant blackmail becoming blackma- shit nevermind that doesnt work
i mean, i would just go and consider that an alt by technicality, but details
sooooo
wait you guys actually think that's actually that bad?
i can't at this point master
it's fine, wolve.
it used up every single free bit of space on my drive
although i just lost connection
krelian, please. ^_^;
e!says-add i don't know what to do, its working!
....
i can imagine the banner having stickfigures in it now
i'll tell you about flubs pm
wolve can i just not breath through my nose within a foot of you or something
bollocks
he also is attracted to me
i am tempted to add you now so you can meet them if you know which one it is
are you talking to me in the last message flubs?
idk none of them ever sign up for my forums
that's peanuts at our point in the game.
the way overhaul changed picks annoys me like how it annoys ida
and who cares if it’s fictional
i haven’t played overwatch in a while
henlo wolve
rarity pkushie made in the uk
classmate rolled his truck after drinking and driving
when you least expect it
just stand there while everyone dances
platinum was the last game to have it
no, it is literally the opposite
in the newer generations they kinda made red a pushover
they charge money for use of the mods content.
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
seriously my cabinets have chips and other snacks, my drawers have cookies and other desserts, and my shelves have high quality spices
also, he has 7 pokemon
no you....
okay cya guys tuesday
she was having a nervous smile
i can't stand that stuff
urgh, i should sleep too. but this is the first time ive gotten to write real code in a few days and i'm trying to fight the withdrawal
or maybe it was alyssa
garlicoin, actually
i was responding to stuck's last message to me
get to it
like this
11k gold in the bank
hey guys i have an idea
the windows 10 hard drive wants to confirm alll the integrity stuff, exactly as expected
so its micspam time. got it.
how about, god save everyone else because we're going to need it
it reminded me of you
more?
actually, going to her concert in a couple months 😄
owo this is interesting
the case shouldn't affect your flash drives like that
i don't want there to be too much lag
did i miss something
so i don't have to do that ^^^
that means you swung to attack.
good
i wonder if "greater masa mune" will ever be a thing. <:thinkingking:325447327940870145>
also i came very close to mistyping "weilds ass" which would be a sight to see
when
~~one of us. one of us.~~
it is
i see.
!rank
i love hnnngggg-ing
remember magic wand
college
that too lol
damn misspelling...
what game is it?
so before i went to sleep today i figured out the formular to graph a brachistochrone and ive also added 2 new features to the bot
he's too busy spending two thousand hours in terraria
never most likely
did i just walk in on something here
if i was going to get an emote it should be more me this time
i thought it was fairly obvious :c
archive them somewhere or something
i like the diving events too
<:wutface:327309186432237569>
ahh starting week count on monday
huh?
i thought it was all in good fun but it was actually meant for me to feel bad
okay then
“prick”
i mean he's practically banned from this server anyways
i could have done 1804 or 1815
what do you guys feel about randomizers
it's not that, it's just that my internet is going to make things a pain because of constant buffering
that would be funny in real life though. "oh i cant walk because of those 4 swords longer than my arm strapped to my back. forgot about those.
doit
you know who was also a good tsar?
kk cya
also a few milling subscribers and a thriving youtube channel but that's beside the point.
my catchphrase is better
i’m not drinking anything
explanation please
ask my classmates
\the adventure one is sfw
i see.
someone help
no but can we talk about the non food pancakes. theyre better
live footage of eyan deleting friends
not a name i recognize
are you telling flubs that's the decision you made that he won't agree with
sup nerds
man i quit the mod job
well go do it then, i'm too lazy to do it
brb doing garlic bread cinematography
good mentality
or alternatively: looking at the abyss
where is he?
i won't be able to disconnect the two for my entire playthrough
definitely
iirc
you can stop with your pickup lines now
<:seemsgood:327307864463114250>
because it works
i wanna get an inkay though
to have something in common: to share the same interests ~~or have similar characteristics~~
maybe
until today
that's my job
time to level up
i kind of don't hang out here anymore
sometimes it takes 2 seconds other times its like half an hour
wait nvm he got caught more than once
hey will
i don’t like ghestsis.
yup twitch support is on it
the kappa
skarm sound the drums of war.... japan is going down
like
well i once got my butt kicked when i played on emperor mode in civ
<:lul:305559915714576385>
that took years to make
only reason im not aggressive in civ was ida telling it’s not a good idea
well if he constantly says he’s 11 and to leave him alone because he’s young but acts like 11
and they started asking me advice
(drago, put an icon on your alt, you lazy bum)
well im france and france surrender after the napoleonic era
why have you been doing that up to now?
i was never a true zealian
i hope i find someone someday who is extremely untidy and can't cook for shit
ok, who was the queen disguised as in the phantom menace?
i think
how so?
what is wrong with me this week?
i enjoyed my time with it, but not as much as other entries in the series.
should i set the starting counter to like 2?
remember screw the brits, screw the danes, and fuck prussia
i talk about characters and people i find pretty looking
you know that website that majestic sent you a while ago?
~~i can play the clarinet~~ <:kappa:374346980136058893>
they would be the best of friends
mo but that has happened
./confuse
i never had gelato
the part i don't understand is the system of magic used in chrono trigger
an artist must work in the shadows to serve the light
now what?
i'm going to assume that's weeb word
did everyone hear what happened with doublelift
two wine glass
depends on the weekday
dammit skarm
dessert
oooh its a party in commons
okay, that's kinda great.
maybe the game hates me
no flubs
~~but you could use psyduck~~ <:kappa:374346980136058893>
later, squid.
random thought: ok, so for lunch, i had a chicken parmesan sandwich at one restaurant. normally, it has tomato sauce on it, but for some reason, they put some sort of meat sauce on it
wait what the fuck theres a bards college in skyrim
because they feel like it
feelsfrogman
please dont blow up dan
my soul is an eye
the fork is a weapon. it deals 1 damage and cant be boosted.
im just saying i like seeing them clearly
what story
what other browser would u use?
oh dear
ehh, i'm no bitch unlike apparently the rest of the internet, i love the snow
the ocean one?
no, that is incorrect
hmmm
good luck with that
hint: the middle three always evaluate to "true"
when i started, i didn't know how to screen record
won't have to do those things for another year
jsut started derivatives and theyre fun
the formula was n² + n - 1
for example on the ti-30s if you type in -1^4 you get -1
but when n = 14 you get 77 which is composite ;/
or given my personal rating
he was trying to say how much of a hypocrite i was being, when literally i was doing nothing hypocritical in any regards. granted i could've articulated my response much better, but still
now we just mash ctrl+k once we dont have any error messages
alright, cya have fun
breakfast today consisted of a starbucks protein double shot, to which i added four shots of espresso.
lets get some bagels my friends
oh jeez.
 - say youre going afk to do important things and to ping you if it's urgent
wellp
two things
ateveryone who here's life isnt a dumpster fire?
seems i must have my 50 million tabs of terraria wiki open again
its fissioninig
oh wait no thats just the weather balloon thats on fire. the sky isnt on fire
can i have one
how did the count rise to 5 tho?
when was i supposed to learn this shit
i'm more used to people referring to it as 2π, in math
that sounds even worse
my dog would probably let you get away with that, too
just finished physics class
that chaos!
i’d do it if i felt well
ah hah
it’s 6:15 and it’s still pretty humid out; i still don’t like humidity
probably shouldn’t have sat on him...
try and launch your worm as far as possible
i'm was never hired
what were the questions?
well you don't perpetually speak musketreason, not here at least so that has to be at least partially wrong
yay my uk friend finally woke up
>ida has been playing skyrim for 5 hours
because only high quality shitposts make it through
and he’s using empire total war to help him learn...
never timed it though
no, square the temperature
then you are safe
go faster than camera take picture
did someone say math lesson? <:kappa:374346980136058893>
what do you think?
and i thought i worked out a lot lol
yeah, i think that’s important
im a doof
so tomorrow can be like a testing day for me
see but next year we’re ditching and playing d&d
idk who to pick though
🤔 do you think the lag has something to do with the gore?
yeah but 500 people will be watching...
i could get work done
theyre worth nothing on their own but so much when put into a fucking barrel
theres those junimo huts you can get
and try to get the kegs, theyre worth even more
it's not like the class is experimental
yeah but if a bunch of passwords leak from a site or something and you use the same one for everything, it doesnt matter how secure it is
oh grad party will be safe
because that thing is longer than my entire body and thicker than my forearm
we talked about the art of history
obviously
if i murder you tomorrow that'll be the future instead
i want some more twisted ice tea
that was exciting
<:gwupugurithinking:390299785841606656>
she calls me a lot of things as well <:raritywink:278584590300348416>
but i guess i should be "stupid" about these things as my parents say
so that way when you pass a potatosalad instance to a metabolish instance it knows it can extract that information
public class potatosalad implements nutrition```
that sounds a lot easier
i copied and pasted from the semi-working version on github
i'll brb
now i want a drink
dont you have class today?
i need help
no a server
time to play singleplayer games and not save
actually code that
what?
the following year students were not permitted to change the wallpaper
in java decidedly not
in javascript and game maker anyway
currently counting 435 photos
though if i could i would
i guess that makes sense
lol true
fool.
aurelion sol?
but ugh
ive only edited like fifteen or sixteen btw
oh like taco style of bowl?
don’t be angry
rainy you can die
are you playing on blood trees or something?
i get it now magus
10/10 would make that mistake again
i mean i won't
you can edit the file you know
alright, im going back to doing other stuff. probably should do homework but more than likely ill play games with my friends until 10 and then go to bed at 1 after i finish it
*is back* freaking dragonite. you let the banished out
recursion is easy
blanket buddies extracurricular
e!google dovahzul translator
who's our pro ice cream rater?
alright gn
whatever floats your goat
whenever my (great?)grandparents were high schoolers
in practice: there's like a hundred fifty lines we'd have to do that to and neither of us has the patience for that
it’s alternate history
guys code red
<:hellothere:305560404715896832>
get sarah to beat him then
sleeping early was 3 hours ago
feels like i never talk to you guys anymore
i mean let's be real, xc1's menus are awesome considering the stupid amount of things that they do
i don’t wanna be napoléon anymore tbh i only wanna be him when i play my war games
dammit, i wanted that
no you dont lose your skyrim license, just your bard college position
i have no idea how they got that
modern rap is like saying classical music
“do you know the definition of insanity?” vaas
i just took the final, my grade isn't 89% it's actually 94% so soon i'll be the only one with a grade in the 90s lol
i hate everyone myself but i have a reason
a tnt a day keeps the doctor away
so i found out he just got ban from that server
yes rainy?
remember when i pirate stuff
fire emblem hates you o3o
good
sane was the annoying one right
tell them to turn it off and turn it on again
probably less so after steel got nerfed
nah he hates golf
<:lul:305559915714576385>
history is better
and no, the expos never won one
<:seemsgood:327307864463114250>
what’s pride and predjudice?
sure it does
you suffer from a condition called not nerdy enough
this is pointless
it is always the time for java jokes
you called it
also was asleep 2.5 hours before you sent that
once again the asshole made me super mad
im about halfway through melting down cookies, garlic, and bread into my stomach, if theres anything extra stupid going on today please ping
it ends on may 28
that's not addressed in the privacy policy.
it’s 7:32 and i already feel like going to bed. help
i hoik killed a dungeon guardian fairly early on and then we legit killed another as a group lateron.
inebriated
who was the asshat who called it foobar?
though i wish i did cape, i hate it when people mistake me for a *shudders* straight
now i want cheese
just saw deadpool 2
im seeing ads for barbecue and getting extremely hungry
why does it feel like he never streams anymore
have fun with that
ida!
very carefully. <:kappa:374346980136058893>
can you ask her to let me finish my finals first
okay, now that i think about it, lets go is gen 1
but you guys never talk when im here
hai friends ^w^
eyan is starting the sequel to jersery shore
did you even hear a word i said
been a little while since auto pin kicked in
oh yeah
i'm sitting here uploading july's videos because that's how far ahead i work because i'm stupid
cool...if only the military was like what it was once wa
oh no
oh yeah, it's officially gay month
missed the rest of stream, apparently. oh well.
should be
relatable
noms natewantstobattle
racist
albino umbreon
i honestly don’t like muk
personally, for me i would never even bother with the dock if there's a cable charger
can it be done in java?
is that saurkraut?
(long pause)
im a rogue with max dexterity and proficiency bonus in stealth. no one catches me
(sarcasm)
for us
and im quite sure that the failing grade was a 65
truly the ultimate pokemon adventure
...yeah started drinking at grad party and now all i can think about it trying everything that’s alcoholic
idk master is the guru of names
a good assassin relies on air existing around them
woah
actually
and im hungry
the <:kappapride:379352530863521792> pe teacher
huh, no scratches. i should go play with the rabbit again today.
it was in the baconator that you ate, majestic
fast food
you can't tell the future? what are you? a level 17????
and then questioning why he's doing any of that work
anyways where was i?
beep
with the whole "the only people here"
"we need to talk,i want to despise other people"
the fuck you mean 3 am?
you can play wow by yourself too
(◕ ε ◕)
but i need my analytics
guys
sleep now or something bye
but still i'm hyped!
also i'm pretty sure pokémon is the reason why they're waiting till december to release smash
bully
also did i say 47? i meant 147, i missed a digit
of course ive only seen like 4
did nintendo actually say anything about pokémon? because twitter is strangely devoid of pokémon
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
i can understand why people might see it as more of a port than a brand new game
i don't think it was bad.
for not being faithful to the original
what about double dash?
destroyed 8 ships and captured 2
what do you expect me to do with a bowling ball
then what gives us the ability to claim ownership that the dinosaurs couldn/t
its my extended family's annual summer meetup. which means i die tonight.
i said me lol, i'm in pre supreme calamatis
flubs bad news
you should get it, it's really fun but insanely addicting
slap them
~~don’t~~ blow it up <:kappa:374346980136058893>
hello there
muskets though
it’s poisoned with something
never before in my adult life have i looked so forward to the holidays lol
no you cant
its been free
mommy works too
no part
i'm just more active so i can attain red galoer and be haopy
tends to be how people eat yeah
i'm just a blue organ so you don't see me much obviously
and more often then that, i'm bored
and, demon lord is like 23?
so my teeth hurt today so i had to rely on swallowing most of my food
anything after that is when common sense died in it's entirety
ε=ε=ε=ε=ε=┏(;ﾟдﾟ)┛
i really wanna go get some chick fil a
do it you wont
it's a self identification thin
i agree
4th? palace?
whats the funny name for holes on violins that applies here
technically.
have we ported it to grills?
but my finger slip so it was jk
what>
<:rarityflirt:447907828187922452>
don't be an undesirable person
am i undesirable?
its fine as long as you keep your socks on
twitter
very bad
thank you famsquad
18 in alberta, manitoba, and quebec
is london the one in france or england
england
you know im not going to let you compliment new jersey to that degree
wait
like honestly there are better ones than ours
that's what they all say
wait is the flash dc
help i cant stop eating ice cream
oh you talk and you lie and you drink all our mead, now i think its high time that you lie down and bleed
just a general hatred for life, y'know, the usual
no kappa. what does it stand for
yeah i didnt think so either
my teeth hurt
you think thats weird
i play the spreadsheets
/aah
and when you mentioned floats on pc ratings, we just use mod sets for that
there we go
e!kill master
i thought it was popular
again
it has crashed my rune pages at least 5 times now
okay why was i watching beyond scared straight all night?
hi, i'm your mom, i'm everyone on here's mom
booleanreduction counterargument: no
f is for atmas for my darius build
good job
shouldnt you have a few med bags for each of the major staypoints?
i will cut you
this ones ok
im assuming this is all weeb shit
i'm inside flubs' head
i thought he was a bunny
no i hate it
it has been requested that we route this conversation over to <#311411150611021824>
zeus got it on with a lot of women didnt he?
i need a hobby
honestly thats kinda smart
the old man from pawn stars has died
sorry deci
legs are good for things even if you cant use them
i didnt do beans to the user join event, that's all on you
im at the part where we know shes gonna get dead but she probably isnt gonna get dead because plot
aight cool so explain how season 3 ends
nicholas the second was a dumb ass
static shock and the zeta project
same
yeah because they suck
i figured out why she didnt eat this one
```_pokes ida with a stick_```
i apologize for my rant there, i just thought i should express myself
if you feel like traveling halfway across the country or something
it is, and i'm winning
he’s 8 pounds
but if hes animal and man but man is animal is he animalanimal or manman
idk, try poking him or something
no worse
also my video editing job got delay
divert 1% of bird game to d.js
because time paradox
<:keepo:327304799919800321>
good
do you not know what a stoner means?
boom
no no kill the old people. old people hold jobs and say mean things so just remove them from the equation
you know what
or a glock
they might've changed a few things since than.
i just saw that
animal man you should really get that autocorrect checked out
anyway im going to be in an automobile for three more hours. master know any good shanties?
except for the time i recorded b roll for something while waiting for the professor
thanks, i mean i think i can reach it since video premieres count as streaming
spring and fall have allergies though
you want side window?
hey guys want to know the dumbest thing i ever did?
does he actually have the following to warrant fighting back?
holy fuck
and now i believe someone’s dog is barking at them
then again for some odd reason i went from hating rc to actually liking him
i meant the former best friends list
drago sounds like a robot
whats the most savage way you can destroy their entire faith in their faith?
but sister is probably going to want to play fallout and that requires the same screen and i'm too lazy to commandeer another television
how come i still do?
who said i was making steaks?
can't believe wob found a loop hole through rule 8
i mean im doing it im third person
enemies (drago) and peoplei despised (drago)
why is the rum always gone
and guess what you aren’t in it!
i meant acorn gun
what i should be doing: taking the dog for a walk
｡･ﾟ･◝( ◕ ヮ ◕)◜･ﾟ･｡
the irony of that.
how have you not gone insane yet?
:ya da:
reroll that dream
i am angry
is that <:treason:396483914803445761> i see
fineee i;ll ask ida
six perfect for tampa bay
you need more
he’s my new best friend
im not sure if that's how it works
well i could always drag ida in the roleplay
how are we boring?
intel® core™ i9 7980xe (18-core, 24.75mb cache, up to 4.4ghz with intel® turbo boost max 3.0)
editing an advertising video for him
okay the bot can mention people but i've trained it to not in most circumstances
_looks at bella_
dead yes
and there was one more?
drago's forum friends got the boot
why do you think i leave this place all the time?
oh hes offline
'; /                          5555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555563 m                          50..7uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu858965555\\\\\\\\\\\/
i embrace the magic
he’s a great guy
never heard of him
you can guess which one this is
nobody does
*takes cat and runs* i want a cat
i have my own bad counter this time around
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
what server?
while others say i don’t
i need to get in my pc again
dont be silly, i only do those when my brother is at school
guys let's just face it, eyan streams when he has time
that's a rear wheel drive car on a dyno (a tool used to measure power output in a car)
but made with science
well you better send pics
and they did great though was hard through discord
it was just interesting to look back
lucky you
thinkingface
windows products
whoa sneaky back on c9's stage team
var spl=message.split(" ");
case should come tomorrow or wednesday
we figured it out
r.i.p. grozard “swormswood” and eletux “elle-ectro”
~~we’re all just crazy~~
have you injested enough of your namesake
good job benny (๑•͈ᴗ•͈)b
noooo i just lost two pokémon in a nuzlocke
that translate to 
welcome to the world of airplanes
really?
i mean uh
they supported the snes for quite a long time actually
~~maybe i just felt like sharing them~~
nice nice
video games
she just said the office
and took power for himself
i was inform by my mom
bella
play total war
i challenged him to a duel
people are gonna be idiots online
i did this same exact way i did another similar problem but im getting results that dont make sense
i fight dirty
i’ll take his apology as a surrender
guess who almost typed their brokerage account id and password into discord again
i tried to scare them
gotta love having a monopoly on mideival bitcoin
697.0 then
that sounds like a once-ever-five-year event
you hook the rods onto the enemy or boss and it deals damage every period of time as determined by the weapon.
they will
ooh we talkin bout exams
0/10 connection skills discord
also, my opinion on video editing is that, why learn video editing when you can put the time into learning something like photoshop
i ate it
so you will never marry sarah?
what
shes pretty much an objectively bad person but thats ok
um you can't do anything though
never met him
good idea
or something
kinda. we get along
hello rc, you’ll really like phantomrc
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
fiiiiiiiiiine
i am gonna clean it
"water wont work because its *somewhat* water *resistant*"
that should be an option
i’m back from work ya ninnies
and either way arguing is a sign of a healthy relationship, not an unhealthy one
drago
why would i be a home
i got a new mission
thanks
flubs i don't like you
im shoving off bye
i don't think so
brb then
zeke von genbu, chaotic bringer of chaos
but at the same time no
if wages scaled like they did in the 50s
yea prety much
alduin plush
i wasted about an hour of my life on league and gave up on it
i could have install windows 2000
do you have a mic stand?
holy shit you did
shake me
splatcord
or go
welp, i've corrected some incorrect intuition now so i'll retake the practice test in a bit to see how i do with the correct way to approach problems i first got incorrect
oh god the intro
man i may love muskets
25 minute work on highway
he doesnt play often though so i get it. im pretty sure he just walked into the encampment and lost
it’s not too old
laptop?
no i meant something akin to this type of it
im gonna try weekly next
god damn it he's been infected also
which is probably honestly worse for the floor at the bottom than your feet
no but that was the last thing we were talking about and i couldn't be bothered to remember what makes graphs that looks like that
nice
too many password attempts
hey hey hey i duplicated nothing
you had to do that before?
i'm still deciding if my eyeballs want to read it though
your favorite team is the chicago cubs!
feelsbad
what's the link there for?
in 3
draco you're not allowed to use the internet any more
6 maybe?
i don't know
nah go ahead
algebra is fun
if you have an interest in squid i'd suggest marine biology
no, i have a job and i only use my money. but, they like bitching at me when i spend money on stuff they think is a waste of time
thats where the secret money comes in
that's like the same thing right
ah, gotcha
oh look it's after one in the morning and all ive done in the last hour is google "whats the point of 4chan"
whats that the code for?
you mean like stuck in one place until knocked down?
yeah
so for some reason i decided to look through my teacher's github thing to see what he'd been working on
ヽ( ｡ ヮﾟ)ノ
\:thinking\:
he does that in every episode
unless she's actually a competent person
stream?
i already wave a white flag
i need a name
lesson 1
i like when ted talk(s)
<:rooisee:430400878302855177>
i'll beat you in civ and total war
finally someone with some brain cells in this channel
man i need better weapons
huh. now im just gone in general
it honestly doesn’t last long sometimes
oh they're league teams
she took you down to like 2 pokemon
game borders are fun
discords been fucky for me lately. itll say i have a new message but not tell me the server or channel
its not raining, no
is it supposed to be raining?
i do!
you just can't youtube
i don’t remember anything from calculus senior year of high school
sorry.
thank you
that took longer than it should have because photoshop was being a butt
the plot's thickness isolates
no she only has 514 points to your zero
i know
tbh mostly it's because i'm not good at vocalizing so everything sounds weird when i say it
what does it mean to not feel tired
you make a few good trades and you can probably avoid the grind
slee[
gonna need some axi's for that to work first
teacher: who knows javascript?
oh wait todays the fifth
sick
how dare they
dont think it works that way
well i wouldn't leave either way since this class is hard
i love this university now
my pre-calc-2 professor allowed us to have a 1 sided piece of paper for any formulas we could fit, and as much scratch paper as we wanted
physics is fun tho
and drago no
like 20 minutes over due
reminds me i need to do my lab manual.
so we can't definitively say it's infinite
keep learning
huh. just finished reading eldest
let me go to sleep now
and then you have logarithmic intervals as the video professes
oh okay
i'm over halfway through the day
and how strong they emphasis that course
spazzer the great
so yeah
some courses last six months
the role
got th modding yet?
i use flutter bot
thanks i needed that
i joined yesterday
but america has more boat
i think?
thats crazy
you tell them how fucking wrong that is
but the release date for the next update was moved to the 14th
he’s our math boi
hey subway is good
only the splodiest memes for us
oof mauling citizens is fun though.
"258 in an 8bit system"?
i can now
solve p=np
pat friend?
it can but it will revive if people are still alive
yeah no
and the newer episodes are actually more serious
and you *pay* for it to be harder
i can't watch this anymore
yee?
i used to be smart you know
sure. if youre a ceo you get millions, low taxes, and you can do whatever you want
nope
like longer vacations
yea pretty much
so more corporations get involved
you want mine?
to sleep
~~the salt lick.~~
i'm your mother, of course i'm of age
what gave it away?
help flubs
good lord
great now i have some racer's life insurance
being social is the worst
so you went into some rando's house and they told you it was pizza and you believed them without doing any prior research of your own
thats just when everything gets boring
in what context?
because quantum physics gets weirder the closer we get to -273'16
i'm hungry
yeah that many pa on individual *atoms*
assuming atoms are square which is wrong but its mostly the order anyway
i like breaking physics
gravity on neptune is only 11.15 m/ss
somewhere
everything changes mass
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  a a aaa   a a aaa          a
so its a function and not a method, got it
apple products are gross
it's a fairy explosion
you cannot pat me
dragon resists stupid
seemsgood
when moving
shoulder to shoulder generally
welcome home
and bad news
red is nicer tho tbh
its healthbar went from 100-0 as soon as the cry for help went down
also pretend to be the reverse flash if you feel like it
i should just ask if i can get all of the papers for the homework/labs/midterm/final right now and turn them all in next week, and not show up for the rest of the semester
me sleep now
1) the programmer first sketched the desired classes, before writing the code seen above.```
though it should be chill
okay who stole my bagel bites???
how are you typing then
the moon to where
there is a solution
ive been in the atlantic before and theres no sharks
imma look at my next calculus lesson
someone lost the sign
neato
5 pages long, the average lesson is about 10 pages or sometimes even crazier like 15 pages
ooooh nice
if you get understood who gives a fuck
so i guess you can throw windows out of windows if you envision the object your throwing out as a window
didnt i just put you in time-out for wasting food?
that's all im gonna say on that matter
i dont mind english
welp
i had a good response to that but i forgot it
you only blew up the food? that's unusually civilized of you
no just the comic pages
my physics teacher roasted me today
drago i’ll battle you once i finish streaming ultra sun and moon
atlantic
that's fun too
volleyball
my dads place had that and it always died loudly and violently
if this was fight club
mind stone: yes
do people not do that
i wanna fight andi now
it's my home time that's poorly spent, either napping, watching youtube, or thinking to myself "i should stream stuff"
the fifteenth commandment clearly says that `thou shall not put chocolate and tomato on the same pizza`
discord stop sucking
im surprised you found a way to open a box that had no door on it
welp
and he like discover gravity
you get an essay and you get an essay and you get and essay and you-
all the while java being noun.verb().verb().etc.
i can't understand
i got all nostalgic when playing pokemon mystery dungeon when i remembered his old vids on those games. it's nice to see his community still active
but no one ever asked for my solution
look at these nerds getting sleep
she would be mistress8998
but why would you do that?
do you mean patches
thats the best name
is that a yes or a no?
a different read but a good one nonetheless
i don’t like them either
they’re more of an elementary/ middle school thing, blitz
i like this green fellow
fuck yeah
here too
does that count?
that and industrial age was end of colonial and final nail in the mideival coffin
nerds
you tell me dragonite how easy is it to eat one?
kugal why are you in an english class
and thats the start of skynet
its free
i enjoy english
go play with your cat or something
idapoo would also work but ideepoo sounds better
exponential derivatives are that easy?
i wish i could say the same
other names it goes by sometimes sound like "formal logic" if that means anything to you
that's a noni
the list just barely didnt fit on the screen, 255 is discrete math somehow and 256 is linear algebra
wait
appreciate it buddy
also good job
good
hooray for books and food
you just answered your own question
a what did a what and played what and where was i
you know i said in the literal sense
i dont want to eat a rock covered in mud
oh cool whens that coming out
whats the advantage of online classes
i know mario maker hasn’t
i gotchu squid
master dare i ask _how_ it crashes
they kinda have ongoing costs
i like that
so i have an english essay tomorrow
so you have to play twenty dollars a year to play a game. why would you do that
you dedicate one day to homework?
definitely
can you react with both to this message
he wants us to collect data together and i just wanna do it solo halp
*slaps roof of cipher* apgt dpewp trebawqq bfdoq horcwhp
*smacks cipher* this bad boy can block so many people
nice
add me if you want
estimated time to takeover: 6-10 years
thats the time that matters
he wouldnt take the thing with him
im up for grinding now btw
so much frigging effort
more like that microsoft charges $100 per year for their software
nope
me hungry
also t=+3.25 hours and still cant sleep
you're a plant?
all the other days are just night, for there is no sun
like how there’s a venom movie without spider-man
spazzer you haven't lived until you've beaten games that are older than you are
demon lord stop being old
i swear to god axi s3 only starts appearing at night
speaking of skyrim
it's from that one berenstein bears book
the sad part about me gambling is that this is actually more fun than the game itself...
which is very tiny but almost looks vaguely familiar
why is that even a question
twitter is the best social network there is, but that's like saying that
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
but i still think they need their own loveroms/emuparadise type of system instead of what they got for the nes games
if i wasn't so lazy i'd dig out the discord join/drop sound effects and then play them infinitely into my mic just to confuse you
master are you compensating for something
flubs let's be honest
its not a toggle
bye pnada
in other news dogs in cars are fun
i update it monthly
be at worlds
i believe so
i played as waluigi i think
remember how i joked about doing my homework a half hour ago? i still havent started
which is their week 1
i mean
good job discord mobile
bella and aminal
last year, the most passive aggressive class(es) were geometry, earth science, algebra 2, and thats about it, they were all equally passive aggressive
nice
hey kugal
can i have any leftover tacos?
last i checked soma was considered good
what skarm
what are the reqs?
i'm waiting until a friend gets up to tell me
i'm in the mission
i prefer that
trippy smooth version
darn
speaking of cacti, has that one guy said anything recently?
be nice flubs
so i have an hour before class starts so im screwing around in the computer lab trying to salvage my writing thing, and the more i read it the more i hate it
anyways brb playing aatrox
because people use the definition of stupid so loosely, getting a fact wrong makes some people go from sir isaac newton to nemrod in some people's eyes
should probably also farm derilect survival for octavia more
if you bend it far enough _everything_ can be an integral sign
because i was boosted and briefly thought guardian was aftershocik
well who knows maybe i deserve it
sure
poor you <:kappa:374346980136058893>
previews are nice sometimes
chuck*
both places were good but we go to lowes more now
maybe you could try loading it into a water pistol
as a computer engineer my solution to problems is usually rebooting, blaming the programmers, or throwing more resources at it
![]==[]
he comes every two weeks
let people major how they wanna major
and drago can be a guest on the show
thankfully i only need get the intro paragraph done by the end of this week, but i'll probably try to put out an entire draft so i have a bit of a buffer.
firefox > chrome anyways
ah, gotcha
i got 1 fact wrong on my astronomy lab and that dropped the grade by 10%
and they sell for more typically
nothing
ham is gross
when i met him i was more successful
i can't believe i got all of ember's stuff in the minimal possible runs
oh hell no
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
who had the changed
remember stay single and don’t do hard drugs
drago
often 8 +
i remember back in 2nd grade i really liked ham and cheese sandwiches
i’m not into the camera work at aaaaallll
hah. time zones.
kavat cudes up rn if you need them
how is that going?
or maybe just that boy with the hat
too bad i still have no idea how to get bacon in this game
first day of fall and it should be 90+
i want the frame for myself but im probably not gonna go all out like for rhino
what
just get my sister to entertain her
she is sick though
i did use a spreadsheet to check myself though
:dragonitewasamistake:
~~wasn’t the internet always stupid?~~
but then again driving on li looks horrible
25th
man one assignment for literature takes a few solid hours, its impressive
who?
through x^.5 form or?
basically i am gonna take everything i learn over the years for this
play them my songs in return
3 teralysts, one gantalyst, and one hydrolyst
how the fuck will more music help me hear less music
i have a key left if you two want to use it
no joke
but i have stat work
win + x -> u -> r
wait switch _is_ ninth gen
yeet selling out is awesome
my hearing is pretty bad
the people you go on discord with
also new york snow is fuckin garbage
everything
allows you to take an aura like corrosive projection
gonna try to sleep now
it’s cool that they gave a riven
like +30% strength
whats the difference between a butt ton and a normal ton
nice
its just slush
i realize drago has beaten me in every social media
or if you're behind the times, impact font.
gonna go watchwestwing();}
would corrosive font be writing with acid?
as per usual
i dont think this one has a right answer
everything's a library card if you bribe the librarian with enough
and when you die it stops being your problem
basically
that's what "formatting" means right
as you know, fred
that was master's bad idea not mine
16,318,782 as of whenever the public count was last updated
oh hey alan walker is in top 100
damn i want to do that now
16,318,782
they can *do* that?
oh i forgot that i blocked mee6
oh yeah in dark brotherhood questline you murder the emperor while hes on his ship
indeed.  welcome to our little slice of discord.
virginia tech? yeah they sent me recruiting information well into my twenties also
it's cold therefore it's christmas
vote'); drop table candidates --;
also my nose runs
thank you
get the dynamite
no thanks i just ate two slices of terrible pizza
this whole mornings real odd
i remember we got papers or something about it in high school but i never read them
<:failfish:372152438355918848>
exactly
greetings all those who are kind
thats a first of those
video games
i can inv you
brb pretending to be productive today
but is it differentiable?
i wasn't complaining, i was just giving my thoughts based on what i've heard
i did a really good typo earlier
is rate my professor a working thing in canadialand
i started taking ap chem as a sophomore but then dropped it because i was barely even going to class
final*
becoming school teacher is harder than it looks
im in such a good mood
my brain is 50% ponies 50% war
i think the highest for freshman here is bio
also i apparently have no role in that sheet
well that’s easy
i should probably tag him hun
you have no valid point
ok enough of being a huge nurd, time to do dog chores brb again
it’s not surprising, but official
because i do the dumb
was that because you didnt speak english or because you answered "musket" for every question
should have learnt french instead
leave'er johnny leaver ohh leaver johnny leavr. for the voyage is long and the winds don't blow
a special fuck you to the guy who looked right at me while i was downed vs the gustrag three in a nitain mission and didn't revive me
and it's time for us to leave her
a new game called war of rights
then let me go play minecraft in peace damn it
how is that stupid?
i rolled for it like 20 times
you weirdos have been quiet tonight
...  i think i just spent a half hour looking at a fish
melee riven from my sorties
i have places to be so i'm just gonna leave
thanks
sitting is comfortable and rising is hard
they also have metal
if it was easy everyone would do it
more or less <:gwovoraphixd:390538507799494658>
jupiter
no it would probably be the timestamp of the last time the page was edited
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay hiccupping again
i thought it was unusually sane in here but i assumed that squid just left the window open again
here we see the dragonite taking a half hour to get out of bed as he continues to fiddle around with his metal spaghetti dinner from last year
it keeps fuckin changing
yeah
that...doesnt make sense
nah that sounds like work
yeah the cpp standard is like nope
the revolution was the wii's code name
all of my freinds get a week off of school this week
thats more like an arcade game than a console
nerf swords.
i wonder
well
he is green
just get rid of the disease by taking in laxatives and stool hardeners
im so confused
e!google magnavox nintendo
not sure what i should do
thats a wall
wait im dead?
no joke this time
warframe is good tho
times this one by 20
you go on the google and look up snakes. they teach you codes
"here's a template lab that someone turned in in 2007, just copy and paste some words and add a table of your results and write me two sentences for why your results don't match mine and you get a 95"
my friggin college calculus course is easier than my high school honors course
the directions are equal to "ok go and do it have fun!"
also what the fuck how do teachers have enough time to grade all this stuff and still make tests and shit
my favorite part is when you catch the black hole at just the right angle and you can see an image of yourself without needing a mirror
yeah
ghosts dont scare me they make me feel safe
i been noticing my mood changing quick
problem is idk how to get one
i don't know any demon lord
maybe a bone doctor or whatever theyre called
where are you?
dragonite i know who is who dont worryu
no flubs
is he the only perma ban here?
ive been here a while ish
how in the hell do i start learning programming
flubs be an asshole
well i am happy for some reason
this hell is stale at best
sounds like a plan
okay no wonder my peanut butter is wet
i could not find a single answer
its gonna last hours too
i could not agree more
coffee sucks <:kappa:374346980136058893>
im in a computer lab now and dont feel like discording on my phone
did the disable expiration spell break?
trains are nice
i just feel like this list is missing a few things
and a boat fishing mode
man life is so much calmer without thunder everywhere always
oh no
theres no underwater infestation
flubs please refrain from doing pg-rated things with the bot
play the lottery on when my next song comes out
incredibly
and dragonite forgetting i have a 12 year old sister
you people suck
1984
wait no now it has one
i have many questions for clyde
mine has some
one of my friends convinced me to play borderlands a bunch of time ago
if so my faith in the fandom has been both destroyed and resurrected at the same time
you did this to yourself
what fpsing
if its the size of pluto
\:thinking\:
theres not that many pink nu to choose from
right as you say that one of my cats tries to sit on the face of the other
it's art
no that's fine cereal is gross anyway
thanks this is confusing panda
wasn't sure if it was canonical or not
saturn
mix it with koolaid
urgent question: is everclear safe to drink
then you'll know pain <:rooderp:399827526744014848>
it can range up to 13, but that's uncommon
damn
see ya master
i mean
imma bout this close to downloading tinder
i could probably do up my hair and look twinkish enough
gotta start dating again
plus my mmr is silver 1 level
but they're well trimmed
language darling
shake it off
you use
and some lucky fellow's, at some point
<:notlikethis:330183800975917066>
said me*
i’m not down for this
idk maybe i just got used to them as a kid
what is the truth
he got like salt and pepper hair? cause that's hot
im pretty sure if you read enough bible you could find at least one or two instances of god being a knob to jesus
why yes i do like rigatoni thanks
thats a lady
great so header formatting doesnt work on discord i want a refund
its fuckin gross
even though i’m not bad at formal essays, doesn’t mean they’re enjoyable
then there's no way to get a refund.
so refund your nitro subscription.``` <:kappa:374346980136058893>
i uh...... no
because si
did you try turning them off and turning them on again
but its nice
the easy one is 10 slide kills without damage
reyn time basically the most well known meme that is not "i'm really feeling it" from that game
i don't remember seeing one like that either
who here is dumb?
ive had that happen twice and waited it out both times
so i stopped doing it
redemption arc’s fine
<:rooaww:399827525599232000>
i wanted to know
my bus broke down 😂
grab it asap
what
~~aeiou.~~
what pirates do
sense of pride and accomplishment
it's also got an eta of never because it's an entire aaa sized game being made by a few people in their free time on a rapidly obsoleting engine
i need to mod my skyrim
they’re just windows stuff before 7
if you accidentally broke a table because you didn't know that would happen if you swing an axe on it, that's something you had control of
and you wanted to get insurance
i don't know is on third.
enjoy spending money on shit you don't have to because "it's the way capitalism is'
like 23andme a
i see thanks
if you can’t fill out a resume without help, how do you expect to live on your own?
thats probably how the fcc feels about public comments tho too
this also confuses
you have a play skyrim button on your keyboard?
and she didn’t take offence
all of my facial hair is around my neck
i can't grow anything above my chin
my hair is too fabulous to let go
what is your weapon?
purple is weird on you
your body clearly hates it
even if i live away from my parents now
thanks
good idea
yeah
exactly
he was legendary figure supposedly living around the 6th century
what was it out of
mirage and a pyrana are broken
i found something on an old hard drive
all the while english is one of the most useless degrees that it's possible to get
it's also a few days after my finals for calc and stat
oop just got called down for dinner
its ok we still love you
**the end**

i have a really bad idea hang on
blame ash
like uesp for when the power goes out
eggnog is so good
youre a robot right tyou should be good at this
like what
just a nice, calm, uncontrolled burn
hello hello i think i’ve got a migraine
not always lucky to have pdfs
okay, this is going to sound weird but hear me out.
i woke up late
is it about skyrim
so would that mean like all of his 2869 lines of spaghetti get randomly recombined with someone else's 2869 lines of spaghetti or something
though honestly, haven’t come across that problem
not yet
i have pics if you need
you need a permit until 18 or passed drived
one more hour till thanksgiving
also not putting ig first in d lul
hey i know what i should do
the stuff in it is kind of important but the words inside it are like
idk if this should be here or memes but lo;
yeah but hes sleeping in my lap
but i dunno where she is
i didnt play harvest moon
kix once banned someone for copy pasting a question over and over until someone answered. it was great
but he wants to gamble flubs
master do you even know the words to ragnar the red
i just need 15 more followers and that 3 average views
also you can't argue with your viewers
baba yetu is cool
and saw muskets in it
it was on history and napoleon
good
(╯°д°）╯︵ /(.□ . \\)
i did a loan thing
acrobat reader can die in a fire
if she doesn't pay me back you can tell me i told you so
was i guess
i imagine that's relatable
do you want to tell him or
i don't remember what it is but i know i played it before 14 days of shitstorm
it's only like 95% broken
nice
then we are safe
i probably killed the spelling. my apologies
so i need to understand that others do the exact same thing.
so now that we got that squared away. are you into makoto shinkai movies?
i had a strange feeling you were gonna be easy to get along with
youtube is my primary source of entertainment.
do you see it?
on cn
ooh yay
i really wanna do it
oi vey
one*
congrats flubs
ive never applied online but ive only ever applied to one job and that ended pretty poorly because i got the job
brb kicking self off phone
hes got like 2 million subs
just code triple battles and then copy paste it but subtract 1
i want whoever told me that fired
i’m surprised year first is actually a thing
my resume is literally a text file with four-space tabs thats a good way to get a job right
they were sitting around 32-33 dollars a share a few weeks ago now theyre at like
its the execution that gets you in trouble
i hate it there
you aren’t
<:gwomoraphiohmy:405784196783538196>
so we just played against trick2g
maybe it's a toy car
yeah
1-1 against each other
twilight princess link - - in ocarina of time! ^^^^^^^
well friends, i feel like you ought to know
i shall be spending my weekend watching these vods
con: youre a villain so you had to kill it
could go for some more pizza tho
very kind of you
i like integrals and pizza
ask flubs
now we're asking the real questions
i forget probably
hey want me to be your anivia coach?
dont you mean "assymptote"
following does nothing though
but other people
also is it bad
i assume you meant follow
good thing i left that server when i did
why is base12 good?
i'm so lonely
so it’s worse now
oh wait my power is back so i can toilet again
my server is dead, two pony servers are too noisy
i said batman and robin > the dark knight
i love how ida is instantly terrified when she join
but you probably shouldn't mod me as soon as i join or anything
benny likes you sober
~~=v=~~
you haven't missed anything, lol.  i've been biding my time, adjusting to my new job and i'm ready to kick back into the streaming world
hey guys how long has the server picture been different without me noticing
even if his best if fuckin trash
5 minutes maybe
no cupcake for you come to stream
exactly, theyre always annoying self-centered asses
can benny be my roommate for this hotel?
it's basically an approximation that gets better and better and you can write it out to a greater accuracy than your calc
what is ash's worst pokemon battle?
plus or minus the global human population
he didnt even look at the damn directions on how to complete the assignment
thats fair
also its probably a lot easier to have adult intervention offline if they see it happening
i need a full size version  of it to comprehend
would you like me to create another dab
we did it
candy is secondary
or just relevant ones.
good job now shes gonna kill you and call it a birthday corpse
want to learn math?
you should upload pubg
<:kappa:374346980136058893>
wake him up and tell him you want wine
i just finished the second episode of telltales the walking dead’s final season and i’m bummed now
but i can already use fly
drinking water is fun
let me look this up
because you can never know for sure if they *arent* poisonous, but if you learn that they are you know
sun and moon
he would get to battle the fat kid
its a piece of a state that has a senator
when i was a kid my next door neighbor had a different zip code and phone area code
master my code isnt working help
use your magic to cancel my classes too
sup pals
happy birthday!!
figured i should mention today's my birthday.
nice
how much man card debt is he in rn?
it was way different from my high school
true
if i’m teaching myself why do i even go here
its okay i like cheese enough for both of us
kugal right click on the guy
thankfully not
i want to understand things i don't understand, but then i would understand why people are dumb. but then again that's self explanatory. screw that
four little slices of salami rolled up with enough horseradish inside to make me not hungry
thinkinator always helps
~~yeah, just ignore that last message of mine~~ <:keepo:327304799919800321>
not bad
is that a politics joke
this doesnt help it hinders at best
i learnt yesterday ida edits better than me
then how would anyone know
that includes pens, pencils, pencil lead, a notebook, some note flags, and i got 2 things that werent school related
<:roosip:399827510776299520>
how do you spell the word for "assure" that sounds like garrin-tiid i k ow it has a lot of unnecessary us and as and es
my mom is an emoji
hours
i am proffessjonal analist
lemme check
budget cuts for eample.
i just finished the little game thing and immediately had to get out
don’t you wanna come to the wedding?
do you want to be married?
im surprise ida knows who that is
vortex is dead
but my social life been boomin recently and i just dont have much chill time anymore
like there's so many other things you can use that money for
<:ceselalul:428570630254755840>
i didnt diss it
youd think there was a bunch of dust in there or something but there isnt
tbh i haven’t seen any college kid smoke
i have never seen this game in my life so i don’t want to ask what it is
but dual wielded
wait i heard keyboard
comic book plotline?
oh god, there’s a chance for snow a little north from here 😑
its not
im just...?
yep, that's how uni is
the fuck is a syllabus?
i want you to be super hard on me
oh well fnatic is from eu
so, thisll be fun
like super super hard
i'm alive
you should get caught up on storyline
guys i think i hate xml.
you know is it bad that im still not done my essay due last monday
i think so
i can get a slice of pizza at school for 2.65 but it doesnt taste very good
and flubs you would not like this person
i don’t want to say specifically for spoilers but oh my god
it’s not good to have lol
fight my enemies yes
so far your friend’s not bad
i’m an east coast boi because i live here and don’t travel
burgers for dinner is good
hmm i dont feel like working on game but i dont feel like nto working on game help
flubs hates everything
but the littlest part of me is expecting like 13/20 or something
or did you feel like batman?
i need like 3-4 of those
your dog is dead
we're only  touching a tiny bit on integration but im like amazing at integration, so that's little worry to me
since we're still in q1 here
and make that annoying dragon that spawns by the college turn into a pile of living chickens on death
i had no school today yet i still did some school work
i don’t want it to work like that
hmm there's one section where one of the graybeards uses a gendered pronoun when talking about the player character, i wonder if they correctly change it if you play as a girl or if they just assume nobody would notice
usually, though
my love life
as do i
aight
i feel like im cheating
i might be able to, but not quite right now
guys i think skyrim is a singularity
well yeah. its cod. thats to be expected. shitty, but expected
well from my perspective, a full time job may help since it's more consistent in terms of hours.  though i'm not certain.
it was like after 40 mins in before 48
i slept for 14 hours but woke up early
and you don’t have it on your switch or pager or rock
what does that mean
i can kinda see that
i have become crazy
i kind of want to know what would happen if you set up a battle with like five hundred participants using my code
maybe a shiba
i can’t give up on league when i never played it in the first place <:kappa:374346980136058893>
im not sure if i just complimented you or insulted you
rip zeal wheel: he had a short life
fucking ask her
can't take away a whole pc <:kappa:374346980136058893>
took care of dragon
but my mom is bad w computers so i'm gokd
"can i pronounce its name?"
wanna play my games but ehhhh
haha time to make fun of a movie
damn
can't find the account though
i found 36 ds and 45 gameboy advanced/color games in a box of my old stuff
im not currently but now i want to know the answer
are the dodgers in the playoffs or something
its fine in sandwiches but doesnt work well in ice cream or candy imo
so more i go to get
they hacking
okay so uh
oh yea definitely no clear winner
licorice
now, i speedrun games ye?
wtf fnatic
when did it become 10
of course they aren't bad
rikara did not deserve to go play at worlds at any capacity
they already knew they wouldn't have wom
im hearing aphro wanted meteos kicked and cody sun out
obviously rikara was playing in challenger series for one year and academy for most of this year
well shit, how am i supposed to come up with that money?
you don't know that
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
i’m back from work ya ninnies. and eyan is streaming
gonna do one more run for the night
so that fucking joey with 100 metapods doesnt beat you by running you dry on pp
i need to dump some cause im at 14/15 rn
the only thing i dont really like much about the class is how some questions we are tested on but arent explained how to do them properly
and it's been 5 minutes
and i wouldn't have met you guys
and smelled like perfume
top ten things said before disaster
that sounds like a euphemism for something to do with the toilet doesn't it
**normal**
i have a meeting with a prospective school but there was nothing that was said i had to prepare... so i have no idea what i need
just showing off my sprite rendered titanotylopus for zoo tycoon 1
🎉 good job aminal
where is my sister
she broke up with me
you dont hear anyone going "dear ideal masters ill trade you this dark soul gem for a spicy alchemy buff"
no it doesnt
but should i really?
incantations are probabaly part of summoning
so did the dwarves get yote or just kinda fuck off and stop existing?
i know right
is dragonite awake _before 10:30 for once?_
play it safe and ask in the morning. people interrupting your mindflow is punishable by death
think it would be safer if i asked an hour later?
in other news the wikipedia page of "list of numbers" is pretty good too
havent seen it
thats got whats his name
theres only one i actually want to see
i miss the office. probably going to rewatch it
<:failfish:372152438355918848>
for the past 3 hours
dare i ask why you are on your phone?
i'm pissed btw since sakurai won't get the satisfaction of revealing these characters now because of this leaker showing off all of the remaining characters
i just looked the lyrics up
but anyway my rant is over now
if it wasnt intended
that is not a chaurus
no it was my old flipphone
the wifi isn't out
wasn't even working on the wired computer
hello kugals
i uninstalled skype
but who gives a fuck its easy to use
i must know these laws
i only used it for 2 things
yea he said he had tog o
i remember that
im great at saving money gum
tell me what he said so i can say it too
i can't spell
because it's like
youtube shut up im not voting for any of them stop telling me who to vote for
i have to actually look at what i'm typing if i have to use a touchpad
good job gum
hey sis wanna move in with me for a day?
asking for a friend
idk how females work
oh - dah - ving
that did not age well.
no stick pls
last time it was scary
thats going in the sub
hop to
actually kinda
that was four and a half hours ago now
guess whose monitor broke the night she needs it
night at 5 am
my classes hardly have gotten cancelled this semester and i don’t approve
blitzypoo is next in line
the females only have bad luck though because you keep trying to talk to them
either or
night drago
she is 19
panda's here who wants to talk about butts
also did i say i was going to sleep? i lied i got distracted by reddit
but jesus that reminds me im gonna be 17 in like a couple of months
my parents want the opposite
~~sleep is for the weak and squid~~
you and her go out
is the twitter-removing-the-like-button thing real or did i forget to wake up this morning
good job?
oops didn't see you there
so anyway, i drove a half hour to class, only to find out that class was cancelled
that’s not the reason you should have to dislike this happening...
i should probably record something
maybe revise that sentence
you too
shit i needed ida since idk how to food shop
so sad. i already miss its weird screeching and rubbing sounds
well i eat like what the soldiers ate in the 18th/19th century
just buy food
instant coffee
is what good for you
anyone can win
honestly
provolone is pretty good but mozzarella is better
this will be the stupidest thing i ever do
becaues that'll take forever
play skyrim
one of my programming teachers told me i failed the midterm because i answered all six qurstions instead of choosing five
i know that, deci
nick valentine has the same voice actor as belethor and a bunch of other minor skyrim characters
silly dragonite its not the pastime its the career
okay, so where you do want me to put this lighter fluid at?
i have notifications turned off
dont do that its bad
honestly i think a lot of people would stay in the server if they were greeted by a bot calling them a fuckwad and saying he was gonna murder them
you should do a histiry essay on tbe history of history essays
i have uploaded all of my 2014-2015 super mario 3d land videos
that’s how i was until 2016
drago
i also like cheese
and walmart in the frozen food aisle
like some people do
so i'm in no way tempted.
it's a dessert pastry made of phyllo bread, filled with a mixture of crushed nuts, and held together with a syrup.
despite someone gifting it to me
i came in to class
your body wants you to get coffee ice cream instead 😉
then yes its good
and then there's stuff like the halting problem and the unification of general relativity and quantum mechanics
also take everythign i say with a grain of salt, im just angry, i dont mean anything i say
i don’t, so i don’t know why i want one
im doing it, i cant let today happen again
delete it
maybe
just to give ya an idea
or that you can’t be accessed by them, so they’d know it anyway
good choice kugal
the focus is all just from running eidolon hunts
no flubs and not robot
where are my dating advisors?
people are pretty adamant about getting their candy
im not too fond of halloween
good luck
<:feelsbadman:327312260970315823>
f indeed
shit i would be older than my big sis
well that was tragic
it's ok, there's always next time
im asking her out thursday
enjoy
that is not a pick up line
we live like the 18th century
i dont think thats how it works bud
i always want to try chick-fil-a
i should probably install a virtual machine with ubuntu or something
i went out of a bathroom
with spongebob
interesting
i can’t get my head around it
but the c did not accept the peace treaty
pls use code word
they had a strange start schedule but its evened out
sounds fun. might be able to later
we're fucked
i was busy
secrecy
places arent open
nobody has it also how the fuck do you get robbed by a me
master its cursive
i think the elven dagger has the fastest swing rate
oh wait
i found someone im smarter than
nice
<:doit:334014889137930240>
ida aren't you taller than most people
<:doit:334014889137930240>
guys
she’s basically a vegetarian
xenoblade it is
a majority of my diet is frozen food and cold cut sandwiches
predicted death date: 8 december 2057
better than canadian weather
lmao even wolfy doesn't like "to-mah-to"
so thats $60 an hour for private security and $2600 for the flight and hotel
i will pay for her food though
hmmm
ftp is for like lettuce and cabbage and stuff though there really should be a separate protocol for the important stuff
unless dragonite feels like staying up till 2 as usual
uhhh
<:doit:334014889137930240>
halloween is dumb people dont even look like scary
also probably why i don’t like them
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
you record your office?
im a kaiser
that's not what i was going for
awww whyd i do that
i hate halloween
like so many times i wish micheal would bully her hard
but i love ryan
he left his kid at the end so what? he's cool
depending on context, especially the dwight one
the office
because spoopy memes
pffft haha
im gonna do that next time
since beef
also that ^
with what sleeping? <:gwcentralpikalul:377110562116468766>
he is lonely
weird, i can do that soon
and i usually take my coffee skim and 0-3 sugars depending on the day
panda, let's go get coffee
or like straight as an arrow
i start every morning with a triple mixed with milk and chocolate protein powder
minié rifle
<:roothink:399827523581771796>
me neither (sorta)
on purpose
i am a hair person
but now i'm gonna make sure she thinks you're hideous
i told her she is the best
besides you can't hurt me rainy
i just said she has more than you.
bam roasted
i wouldn’t know what to order. i should try that out
it’s fake
of what the literal differences were
cause thats the most common answer
so what's the other option bella?
what do i sound like? some attractive guy that all girls fall in love with?
okay well i blame flubs
good enough for me, thanks guys
and i can’t say i want more from the game because tons of people will call me selfish or ungrateful and say i should be happy with what we already got. fucking stupid
a character from xenoblade if i'm not mistaken
yeah, i guess that’s a point
there you go
him too
what did you say to you know who when you asked her out?
no problem
so i would say they were sweet?
its only two late when one or both people are dead
i wouldn’t care unless they were still dating someone
what else?
flubs
not an a hole
you mean my little one or ida?
there arent really more though
well good luck with that whole thing. personally ive given up on relationships because i suck at them
and upset
in my life time
i need someone to help me grocery shop
although skyrim would technically be useful in that it would prevent me from eating any more candy and that's probably a good thing
nobody goes to the arcade anymore
i'll buy wine
no offence ida i know you would
why is the library a choice?
so i would have to pick
just think in less than a year you'll be able to go to a bar
that is benny's date
farmers market it is
not mine
i lost my gba and my ds with the slot in the bottom
is there a stream right now?
i got rejected
true
tuesday no matter what
yes you can
but can i ask when will king of zeal/superskarmory will be back recording for youtube again?
that kid who i blocked, his brother confronted me about it in the middle of class
skyrim
yay?
i'm not sure on how many stages we got with smash 4's dlc btw
<:lul:305559915714576385>
"we got to have.... *moneyyyyyy*"
like why do you care, lol
the german empire anthem is amazing
bummer we didn't get smash run though, but oh well
the "not-so-great" maze.
hopefully there's not going to be another stupid great maze again
and then it turns into who cares about a boyfriend when you can get an a in calculus
yes its more chill than secunda, dragonite
like i said to that certain person i saw, he could always be dlc
i have my character predictions ready for the dlc
how many square tomatoes is it if each tomato is 3
still gunning for elma and joker, though i have my doubts.
who probably got it from somewhere else
this isn't in any order btw
it probably wasn't important right
for the record i didn't invent you rang i got it from foxtrot who got it from the addams family
i could have invaded canada with all of my stupid high school videos
and the braggart did swagger and brandish his blade and told of bold lies and the gold he had made
i actually dont really like the smb3 overworld
so greenland is on white witch time
the 90s were a mistake
also i played x in italian once even though i can only read like ten words of italian and was fine so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
anyways, i have nothing to do until stephen’s extra life stream starts in around 3 hours
destiny 2 is supposedly free until nov 18 but i cant find where tf the free version is downloadable
-----.----
i use an adblocker so who cares if they target ads
...----...·-·-·---.......------..---
you know what better than that
see if the achievements were no hit a boss or complete the game at sl1 thatd be fun
poor paris
..-...-...--......--
as much as i would love to see everything go down, i have work tomorrow afternoon
peggy still arives
run from it
dread it
be a shut in neet who hasnt seen the sun in two years
aint nobody cooler than this dan
sleeping doesnt make me less tired
i woke up at 9 today and really wasn’t into it
amazing island is *already* back in fifth
1 am
maybe ida
yeet
i do indeed
interesting
you get used to it.
it's also a secret excuse to eat hamburgers all weekend because all of the other food in the area is either expensive or trash but dont tell my mom i said that
he has hair like you
drink alone in sadness and cryu
i give you my presence
i think you're a bit too concerned about the layout but if it makes you happy and gives ya something to do, go for it
freedom it is
i spent 1 hours before i fell asleep watching musket videos
wait stream is on now?
when going to nyc we do usually stop at albany overnight to visit friends tho
only convention i know what i want to go to
these are quite obviously shrute bucks
"let me make my *entire fucking life* public
guess i'm going to hell (the piece is called the gates of hell btw) lol xd
drive into pillars, is a good insult
well i need a script writer
also writing is hard \
that concerns me slightly less than mr. joe on street street knowing everything about my daily life
flubs, you need to react to more than just the c
how dare she say that
you're allowed to run around it if you can't kill it somehow
you tripped over a mouse?
brb class
well i need a lawyer and my sis is the only one that knows how to do this law thing from those ace games she played
do you want a wall of 3's, flubs?
but with the question of dec100/dec3
i kinda wanna hear the story behind that
hex superior
i have it
also its not loadi g for me
twitch is broken for me
i regret going down this road
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
not the "no one noticing for 30+ years" but
oh wow
also i used a random follower for the boethiah quest and now i feel terrible
second on the list is annoy drago
thats on them
lmao
i don't do that unless asked
i only hug people i like
only if you take them according to prescription
i sold my civic duty for drugs
im lonely
i know
so it's even
okay, because 100%ing mm is not as bad people say it is, and you're also on the remake and not the original
<:lul:305559915714576385>
because video game movies are famous for being well-made and successful
and then give it all to me because it was my idea
they're your friends
wait how can the big man move
thank you person who said that
well
i gotta wait 20 minutes for the bus
anyone here?
....
is there any actual use for a function whose order is 29
i forget what the other name for the biggest exponent is
fiddlesticks
first thing in mind that i think when math is said is calculus
things it doesnt do right: 68,7634,541
okay the last time i ate breakfast voyager 2 had officially left the solar system, but only just barely
things it does right: 1
the "getting up before 10:30" part
maybe 4th
yeet
earth prolly
im a kaiser
flubs we should hang out sometime
after that it's less fun
welcome!
and somehow he likes me
most shit post admin would be...yeah prob master
you don't remember when we first met
im still grossed out by that movie
i don't..
i do
sorry ida but i can't take orders well or do something i don't wanna do
do you play nerdy board games?
i have a heart with someone on snapchat
okay thanks but
to be honest
someone lemme know if thats too harsh, i'm legit not sure
i like war but usually when i am here i think about it more
this server is not nearly as mentally taxing as some others i'm on
great now i just know my mind is as bad as eyans thanks
no drago
and one of them threatens to punch me
ida i need protection
you were here yesterday though
werent there two of them
thank god since i hate kisd
we are gonna do that
even the rejection ones
what
theres some things i want to catch in the pokéwalker but it requires me to get a lot of exercise and i dont feel like walking the dog or going a bunch of circles in the kitchen
i'm leafleaf
nest
we've talked about this before
i don't remember but it might be
<a:atpc_jumpcited:485160985028460546>
change your nickname then
this let's play stuff i will only work on
thank you.
hey, wanna watch lion king 2?
hey heard about that new undertale prequel game?
i gotta get through that
and flubs
sorry
didn't know who it was so i rejected the request
not the first game
wowee
i’m very curious to know why some guy has a cut out of what i think is ash’s hat strapped onto his forehead
two handed or some sorta conjurer is what im leaning toward rn
because i'm terrified
i have 108 as my iq
but you could conjure armor along with that
lab mates and i today picked up beans with different items in the name of science.
why were there germans in hong kong
i haven't had cereal in years though
don't
95% chance
you rang
hi person
i'm not responsible for hurricanes, power outages, comcast, and acts of god
~~screw family~~
i have downloaded a dating app
i can see how outdoor pictures would be more appealing to people
mapquest is not a dating app
thanks i've been up for 3 days
i guess if you have steam 2fa enabled you should grab your phone too but only if you own skyrim
two in the morning is nothing
active?
i could pet your dog for you while you're away doing redacted
shes been dead for like a billion years so yeah the new old people who live there would probably be confused
high
uh huh...
hi dead i’m squid
he did
im about to do the craziest thing ever
it's what i'm about to listen to
for once i thought about it
did it involve beans
imma do it
my way is better
greetings and salutations, dan! welcome to the kingdom of zeal!
this is one of the rare times i use the mlp way
drugs?
flubs i did something stupid after you left
i mean uh welcome
<:rooderp:399827526744014848>
also believe in your king
someone doesnt understand how fast explosions are
how do i do the tm thing?
but it's _almost as if the author has never installed an mmo before!_
just be like me and make all your videos terrible <:kappa:374346980136058893>
but you didn't let him get ahead
who even knows
it is right now
someone tell daylights savings to stop so i don’t want to sleep at 5 k thanks
like before daylight savings id feel like i was gonna get axe murdered on my way to work but now i dont
dark at 5? weak
you can't threaten me
i wanted to do something similar in wearing a costume the day after halloween
dark
will do
it was online
so i am angry to this day over it
agreed
quiet keyboards are nice
go ahead flubs
his daughter confirmed he is dead
oh god, we’re probably going to get 3-5 inches of snow tomorrow
see my champ pool is l o r g e
stan lee is dead.....
today i learn you can make ice
i can make a math/history vid
history lecture pls
im listening to music on it just fine
bam assignment done
i'll get back to you in a few days
thats sucky rc
2. enough flour
dont rush yourself kugal
fancy that
panda might know
is stream potato or is it on me
im not drunk im flubs
yes samsung made it
okay, ,the show more input i guess broke
good to know it's still functional i gu—never mind
that sounds like vampirism but worse
but yet you want me?
i am suspicious
the amount of dog pets that must happen per second is greater than the amount of seconds that happen per second
sooo yeah
i need that medicine
always wanted to experience a life of a soldier in the 18th century
i had fun there
top ten smartest human beings who broke the system
but you seem to enjoy life
tbh most of the reason i dont stew in a pot of self hatred and loathing is because id be justified to and people wouldnt really be surprised
cats aren’t that bad as i originally thought
though flubs happens to not get under my skin at all...
like i only dont at this point because i didnt before
im going to the hair salon
we've proved that √2 is irrational, we've proved that the number goes on forever, isnt that cool?
you'd think that would be impossible
and thats what makes it so not absurd
i know, but that just gives me a few basic ideas
i like science and math though! d:
which is why youre frigging weird
ok mr 100%
idk maybe the higher level shit is cool but i never did any of that
which leads me to think about war the most when i am here...
you're just gonna buy new ones aren't you
but now it's like the complete opposite
im currently in intro to stat and calc 1
dinosaurs are fucking awesome
done with my phone call
not for me though 😦
bully them back
make them feel useless
here ill teach you about dinos instead
bully them back
i could win a world record for how stupidly redundant i can be
why is it not alive
did someone say steak
butter on cookies?
no theyre like so vanilla that they dont even contain vanilla
is having a good time with your father a bad thing?
fuck
the answer is yes
im getting flash backs to poems some girls in my highschool wrote
probably
this "3d rendering system" thing is haaaaaaaaaard
"shut up my sentret needs the exercise"
i fixed my mouse btw
my calc 1 midterm was stressful enough lol
i broke it with a hammer and fixed it with a hammer
i also considered microwave oven and motorized can opener
poetry for fun is really pleasant
is 70 kg a lot and is 20 m/s a lot
155 pounds is a lot tho
will the livestream be live until 11’ish?
imma become an artist
i held!
oh, eyan’s streaming
hey ida civ 6 next?
i was one of those until i wasnt
i really should probably go home but the other people are being so weird it's hard to resist wasting time to see what airhead things they do next
climate change sure is good aint it
and not july
can’t i just create a goddamn palindrome
but then you would need shirts with three sleeves
well
well flubs they usually flow downhill
if you know something is a dumb idea
this will be the stupidest thing i ever do
first off, mood
rit is not a state university
and i just made up some 9 year olds new gamertag
i like using 489 in names because its very witty and im quite smart
pretty sure that's tje gamertag of a kid on my bus
dude being sad about the future is next level
as i say
dont enter rem
"opportunity"
is it pronounced eye-er or err? who the fuck knows
i'm in a permanent cycle of mad and sad
is hampshire not pronounced with the shur part
i want to pet my dog
that’s the only way i’ve ever said it
black cats always win
but she's sleeping in dad's room and i dont want to wake up dad just to pet my dog
why on earth would you want your code to execute _slower_
i can love both
but nowadays cats are easier for me to take care of
i tend not to like the kids who play it
1% chance to get her back
he's of contrary opinions
it just still feels way too early for this area's snow season. and it's not supposed to be winter yet
fuck i should be sleeping
no im lazy
and its got mountains
if it's about me
this, a song of sons and daughters
dab drago
college girl and i talk a bit more lately on snapchat
the bear thing killed me
once you know what verbs and prepositions are english is pretty ehhhhhhh
hmmm
shall we watch again?
how much do i have to pay you to use that?
again
well tbh i don't know either
hey ida would you punch me in the face if i started shipping you with rainy
he got the wrong target.
i just go with w/e
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
hey drago
i dont wanna scroll whats up
so ask someone else
transgender*?
my mistake
best friends would be ida, flubs, stormy, and breana
haha what a fuckin loser. being mentally stable sometimes. what a nerd
civil war...you are talking to a friendship and war general
but im like bi polar
a trans?
i love queer circles
this is just kingdom of introverted ninnies: 1 vs. 100
i will individually break each and every one of your knuckles
ditto with ida and master
that was suppose to be an insult
i am genuinely happy that they see me like a younger brother
in that case do i have you guys' permission to change his name to "drago's toast"
clyde
that would be awesome
this is fun
just kinda...roll right out onto the floor
here is a good joke
same, rainy
it happened before i lost it i went to class in the rain a bunch of times
mood
kingdom of introverted ninnies: civil war
weird
i like beef
oh okay
was a much needed visit because it definitely distracted me from ym stress and stuff and i was feeling lonely as shit this week
same thing with my dad actually, you would think at first he's the nicest guy on the planet, but when you start to spend time with him, that's when things start to go downhill
would there be a challenge run for pokémon or/as
personal favorite kind is the one where it only gets funnier and funnier and you  can’t stop laughing, and you try to stop, making it funnier
it’s always good to get out for a while
i can’t math rn. it’s ok lol
me: gets up, sees that it's just after 9 am
that was the plan
yes flubs you can once i am done with it
though pls don't upload nsfw
there's your score
flubs say something funny
i wanna pick a fight with this blade lord person
i wanna hear little dratini stories
math bad
you should pick a fight with like a bumble bee or something
pogi was the leader
i was very close to one though
also like what do they matter at all
its just an example of when sending someone to prison is ok
that's only three hours are you okay
so skyrim stream it is when i have time
so you _did_ beat the tutorial bear
gonna teach drago
why do you own all the dlc if you gave up ten seconds into the base game
so don't watch that
but dont 100% it because the dunwall city trials are fucking horrible
which are basically semiannual two-week black fridays
i did once
okay new plan let me dig around
that's like their whole shtick
fair enough
well if you're ever looking for more harddrive space i think i saw a 1tb ssd somewhere for like $130~140
did you hear someone got sued by nintendo for running a rom site>
hi angry i'm etinogard
and ive been trying to get out of those for _decades_
ewwww
what show
> math
okay, his favorite food is the fingers of people who aren't as smart as they think they are
and you love the fat guy
i am angry
squid arent you boneless though
ida if you don't know what those are you probably dont want to look it up
(◕ ε ◕)
all of it
wasps. oh wait, that's deadlier
do you have like an atom bomb i can borrow
crap i was in need of a filled soul gem
~~chicken breasts or real ones?~~ <:kappapride:379352530863521792>
also creator studio bullshit is dumb
i got fired after
tarantulas can be pets
actually i expected something worse
i could probably find a better one pretty easilyi though tbh
but back then it was absolute horseshit and no one wanted to pay $60 + a monthly subscription for a shittier version of wow
ping me if you set up a game
hey theres a statue of satan in a public square in kansas or something because of the confederation
didnt you only break up like three days ago
i hate film
oh damn i'm late i could've subbed in for drago on data structures
10,800 seconds until fantastic beasts
only skyrim, fo4 and 76 so far run on creation
im not
well i dont like having a beard and facial hair because it's more trouble than it's worth
flubs
i'm surprised so many people want warrior.
but that one wasnt fromt he beginning i thought
there’s a lot more info about it than o ever realized
just play better 4head
my recomendation would be awakening since its my favorite and its the one i started with
i kind of wanna play 100% orange juice
i'm honestly not that interested in slay the spire
good choice
i just woke up from an exhaustion nap, hi eyan
i'm down to  play
i'm bored and kind of want to play some multiplayer....
they all left me
hey eyan, is it still possible we might see you play fire emblem?
wheres my money then
blind luck
that might take a week
password?
more
can someone kill me
i'm going to leave it that way until march
no i just send death threats to it whenever it pms me about shit
thats the 26
linked in
i dont wanna get the thing tho
charizard
good lord squid
we are all terrible. we are the hive.
round 2 rn
also did the rules change? i appear to be getting the cards that i play but are not selected returned to me
it was the card i drew that turn
the linkedin thing has a bunch of tags you can search by
god bless rngesus
oh my god
about 33% chance of this being the last round
all i have so far
nobody cares about grammar
him and panda were both at 7/8
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
true
its great
just a couple times every update
kugal are you a fan of modulo division
me: ok it's midnight i should go sleep
once a _month?_
he got paid for it too
i don't think we have one of those nearby in corn central
not dead
well, ,i missed the last sat test for this year. so at this rate, i'm not going to be able to apply for college next year
i havent played a pokemon game for years ):
in other news it turns out that telling a computer to figure out if two angles are close-ish to each other is _ass_
so you pay to have a chance to pay to go to college
darn, i wanna play games rn
fair enough, rc.
just dont take the tests
societal pressure, higher-paying jobs, dream jobs/careers, etc.. take your pick
well we're not taking the atmosphere into consideration
its not dependent on if its a planet or not
wait
i'll just need a death star-sized bag that's all
that’s what kids do: repeat the same shit a million times until someone yells at them
so the moon isnt a planet because it doesnt orbit the sun, and pluto isnt a planet because its too small
first, they got to deal with the hundreds of thousands of people saying how terrible fallout 76 is
hmmm
theres nothing on yt i want to watch. send help
big yes
keep in mind i was like 8 lmao
hey hey just because i wanted a tyrannosaurus as a pet at one poitn in my life means it's okay for _everyone_ to do taht
one channel i've gotten into the last few days is mother's basement
ew rom hacks
three tiles
aight well ive got 50 minutes so ill go start now
i'm bored
i havent eaten at all today. this sucks.
join vc
he was a nice kid. gross though
how do you pat harshly
yes i know its terrible
or that one
that's hammer bros and bloopers
wack
:boxthinking:
whatever that means
i'm definitely creating enemies with the let's go base atm
speaking of pokemon tho
i almost did that once fortunately the imposter site was trash and looked nothing like what the actual site looked like and i figured it out pretty quickly
but i hate to completely toss away ss completely.  i think the best way to handle those comments is to just prove them wrong this time
~~now why would you accuse twitch grandpa of something like that?~~
speaking of bad man, some people in their patreon server might send stephen a shirt with “badman” on it. and mal is in on it 😛
makes sense to me.
lemme check
<:seemsgood:488173895246151680>
i don't want emotions antymore
bella what i havent eaten breakfast since 2014
nier automata is 50% off
not anymore
just find out how messy her house is and make yours messy to the same degree and she won't notice
i just remembered today is when we get stuffing.
i opened skype the other day and my eyes threw up
when is later?
he'll never make it past that step
i ain’t doing good at understandin’ your language
~~so you’re a hoarder?~~
i think i will teach him how to be like me
yeah but i get to eat at dinner time not lunch time
im not a pony
makes sense to me
now i look as superior as i am
he wont?
unfortunately you
where is my invitation?
what about your pink?
yeah not a fan personally
that is a combination of red and less red
god no
you do that while i make my new anthem
i hate it
yeah that ones integration assigned, ida
i mean getting someone sent to prison ruins their life but if they murdered your parents it prolly justified
yeah thanksgiving in canada is not what it is down there
<:seemsgood:488173895246151680>
i threw so many tantrums yet always get something or someone i wanted
wow narcissistic much
flubs what should i buy tomorrow?
im thankful for ponies, my pony friends, war, and muskets
ehh she spelled cornucopia correctly so its ok
if you dont need goggles normally you arent cooking right
easy
neither are as easy as that
lol ida
but one of them went home and there is now 33% less dog in the building
or your skin
some people give me a weird look when i do it irl since they can hear me whisper it
the closest one is string cheese dan
i keep hearing word about it, is it worth watching?
bc im gonna put a hat on one but im not sure which yet
but he is not awake as the same time as me
both
i saw it already, dragonite
i dont mind turkey, its good, but i looked at what we're having and it looks 10 times better
stuffing? what is it?
stuffing indeed
stuffing is life
kugal youve only eaten like 3 foods shut
there we go
dan?
mr food expert
then i remembered you're canadian
thats a nice way to put it majestic haha
alright lets make this easy for you then
do i want to know?
we shouldnt have months and just have 365.241 days every year
fourth of july is only american in name
rainy i'm going to force you to re-watch the movie over and over until you change your mind
functional 9/10
duck
indeed. welcome.
what's it on?
the last lesson was on hypothesis testing between two samples, both independent and paried
just break webassign until he gives up using it
your course was pretty damn fast. we're only gonna get to integrals this monday
hey were always blue for me
that’s some dark stuff lol
your face is infinity
yeah what i said is infinity but in math form
there will be a good amount of limit questions
how much mass in kilograms remains in your leftovers?
fair point.
and be stuck with my great-aunt?
that's actually pretty rare
thanks
some professors make you memorize them and suffer
do it for the tense pre-presentation college students
youre right they did it because it doesnt work on the devices that account for more than half of all playbacks, _and_ most of the others don't use them
annotations were the big boxes?
annotations were ass
welp, guess emile's comment sections now will be flooded with chuggaaconroy cultists. not sure how i feel about that
i think it's just average
curse mobile and making it hard to show that
how the heck is 100 average
in essence, today is a mess?
i made libre office pissed at me with a 3gb ram sheet
pretty much all of the reviews on all of the final fantasy games on steam say one of two things
no one knows why
as far as i can tell
i definitely do because im an idiot but for fucks sake just move the scale to a better place
but does a 0 baseline not make more sense than a 100 baseline
its stupid where it is. keep everything the same, just move everyones iq down by 100
intelligence quotient
so it's impossible to get negative numbers
bollocks im not green anymore
it makes me happy that two-year-old me is on average smarter than now-me
well, at a certain point it starts to decrease
do you mean _your_ arms dont functionas swords
making throwaway emails is hard
nothin much whats up with you
wow. ive never applied to schools before and it’s kinda very scary
alright so i finally came back to my third run on emerald
i’ve used all of those except for delphox
also no greninja & charizard this time
even then i haven’t played either in a really long time
they use it?
im thankful for flubs
yeah, i still think the sequels in gen 5 are better than the originals
the general opinion in the pokémon fan base that i strongly disagree with is that gen 5 is the best and gen 4 is the worst
the final boss was better
ehh, i either loved or hated the changes (or lack of change)
this is almost the exact same fight as we had recently
if did not go well.
some people were annoyed with the changes to lusamine also
but that doesn't mean i will like it as a final boss
and i haven’t bought a pokémon game in years
i thought the story in sun and moon was better than black and white. i just can’t be with everyone calling that the best story
irrelevent
<:lul:305559915714576385>
anything popular, labelled toxic. even when it's a relatively great community
also to be fair
i was also so tempted to make azumarill a temporary team member yet again and choose crawdaunt instead
-following pokemon
because he's like perpetually drunk and that would explain a lot
brb getting food
are you comparing roman nanotechnology to bird doo
greek seems to have stuck the most, but it certainly spread tech progress across the isolated nations a solid amount
truly too ahead of their time
algettu has been revitalized
honestly the last half hour of talk in here is what enhasa should be like
we can map out the entire chicken genome, put it onto a computer, then broadcast that via wifi which is really radio which is really electromagnetic radiation. thus you can radio people chicken shit
i wonder if youtube api allows you to get a list of discord users from those that join a channel
darn
is that not what you entered
even if ya did then it still shouldnt be that high of a number lol
lucius appuleius saturninus, a tribune, passes a law to redistribute land to military veterans. the law requires that all senators swear to abide by it. quintus caecilus metellus numidicus refuses and is exiled. he goes to rhodes to study philosophy.
i need a nice corner couch to work on
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
fun prank
this is about the purity test, isn't it?
and what is the score of 15 from? the roman thing?
you have to play a game to give a score
i've got to work morning concessions tomorrow. because we need basketball games in like 9 in the fucking morning, an elementary game at that
you *must* know what that is
like why do i need to justify everything with this guy lmao
is it me drago?
radio silence speaks volumes
didn't help also that it took forever to get the nature and ability i wanted for my azurill also which needed to be happy to evolve, so that was fun with all of that walking xp
you can say it
i prefer not being arrested
only after accepting your low lewdness stat can you grow it
rainy i hate to say this
(ssh, not here, rainy)
i have one semester's experience with uni compsci
you underestimate how dumb i am
that’s how i am right now
squid stop hating things
also buh bye ida
shut up it's owls
is it a coincidence that deci just came online or are you two planning on league?
i look wonderfully grumpy, thank you
hooray time for another round of me putting off contacting any of you until sunday afternoon when everyone's packing up
you think that's bad? i'm just gonna drive 24 hours and kick in their room door
i’m already argonian
how do you say "cheese" in dovahzul
super nerd army
i hope so
also i can also confirm that the friends suck ass in this game
what the crap twitch
also what happened to not worrying about details and "fuck it just do it" in regards to youtube?
who remembers when memes had effort put into them
no its just old fashioned
perfect
what else was there
iv unit, extra large, liquid crystal display, direct message
dont have time to wonder into the  endless vastness of space
ive counted to 4 in binary on my fingers a few times
weird til "our" and "your" are only off by one letter
is it gilgamesh?
good for compression i guess
my mom would break physics
here's a gilgamesh one.
what happens if it gets full
yeah but it's about eleven characters too long
greekid
~~name a dratini after me~~
think about it dragonite, going to go eat, get back to me later when i stream
we're live by the way
all of them, but sceptile probably won't get much use
i wish
tomorrow is black friday so i gotta go to best buy
is that going on right now?
the teacher is talking about fishing with a guy who isn't in the class
very mooooving
i don't have much left and i'm going completely from memory because i'm at work
first come, first serve.  makes sense for this sort of thing.
now that's a good story.  😛
well you don't actively make videos right now. 😜
i'm sort of in a similar position, only with college instead of work.
i'm worried that nobody will care, the world has changed around me quite a bit, but from a youtube perspective, i'm still the same old derpy kid who just wants to screw around with videos
i appreciate that.  right now, i think support is all i need
i can only beat most of them on normal.  i have beaten a few extra stages and hard runs on the easier games though
i'd be lying if i said i didn't have a lot of fears about it though
it seems like a huge liability, lol
i couldn't sleep right now anyways
i avoid it like the plague
yo eyan, ping me wherever if you want, i'm get a tiny bit more sleep
i will admit though, i'm surprised how chatting with you guys isn't actually hurting my productivity that much
yeah eyan, i'll cover for you, i'm off, go grab a nap
plenty of sleep time
that sounds dreadful
the end
somebody
hey nerds
tis a good story
bella!
no thanks
50 sounds good when you’re stuck in the 30s all winter
i couldn't live somewhere where 50 was considered freezing cold
i'd rather move north if i had to go anywhere
i said special twice
it sounds lewd
oh god, that's terrible
it's been a rough week.  >_<
it's at least good that you're venting, though
besides, i'm not stupid, i'll be in a call with friends to watch over me.
eyan, outta curiosity, do you see a therapist?
so, to answer the question, some days it can be my entire shift, other days, not as much.  i'm "accounts payable" though so my job is pretty much just to pay bills
that’s special
learn to drive
i have a bad habit of finding an excuse to not see one
how long does that take? like, does that take your whole shift or just most of it?
so that was neat
so now i take the bus
since she knew exactly what i was going through
i know it's not the brad i know, lol
why not fly if you have to drive 7 hours?
i usually stop at a denny's in middle of nowhere wyoming
oh no eyan is dead
driving is fun for a while
and i'm sure she wouldn't mind paying interest anyways
wow, way to assume and talk about me like i'm not here
i try my best
you’re not a compl
you aren't wrong
you bastard
i’m not allowed to do anything around here
also
yeah
i demand that somebody tell me a story
i demand the story of ragnar the red stop
kinky
there once was a hero named ragnar the red
impressive
i thought at least jake would be in it
also nice unintentional double entendre
i'm a grinch, who needs santa hats
well they arent that popular and have caused a lot of problems for youtube
jake was in it; at least the last couple of episodes
she is a cat
and my body
didnt she fucking murder subaru though eyan
like i know it was a misunderstanding but she still murdered him pretty hard
i could be like the butler who always falls asleep and plays ds games on the job or something
i'll pay for all of your needed maid expenses
i can cook and clean like a goddess
and how tall is ida?  lol
beacon of feminism as i am, i've always wanted to be a maid
of course to keep it in proportion youd have to remove the forearms and the middle of the torso
so maybe rem is more apt
i like maids
just means you can attack the abdomen easier
my cousins have giants for parents so they’re all tall and it’s annoying
now we need a disappointed head butler. <:kappa:374346980136058893>
he's the butler
rainy had a soul? this is news to me
hey 9k
cats
not anymore
you ca be the daedric prince of cats
indeed
that's molag bal's domain
love made with  pizza sounds mediocre at best
that's an odd form of precipitation
i get the feeling you secretly want to actually be my maid, lol
i never said i disliked ass, just i'm more of a boobs guy, lol
just roll with it
\*and he was never heard from again\*
yo fuck thats a good point
i used to watch his stuff as well back in the day.
hay thats a plus
would i be bombarded by people’s surprise if i said i have never heard it before
how is red dead 2's music and art better than god of war's?
and proud of it
just dont watch shit you dont like, and if you do want to watch it for whatever fucking reason, dont make it our problem
i just want you all to know i went to bed at 6 so i could wake up at 1 am and play smash until work at 4:30 am
so i’m not allowed to not like something popular? don’t act like you never go through it
~~if it makes you feel better, i would probably be worse~~
it could be quite terrible so don't be too excited.  😛
but that's being human imo
current game plan for salvation of the project is making 3d models then getting the angle just right to have them align with an existing stock photo of a person using a product
we'll see, the theme of right now is "screw it, just do it"
it's people like you who stop by and remind me that i'm still remembered for what i accomplished so long ago
and sometimes it makes threats
i've certainly gotten salty because of popularity for things i didn't care about.  it's not really a logical train of thought though, that much i will admit.  dragonite is right, why drain energy into caring about what's popular
you got two parts in and then stopped.
emile goes on a noa rant for two minutes and fifteen seconds
ooof, drinking is borrowing happiness from tomorrow.  how could i forget the golden rule
this is important
gday m8
not sure how to feel about that
probably like, the end of my yt career level video combined with early yt career level editing
that didn't work
i wish i could edit myself
no more than normal at least
for somebody to fill the void of emptiness in my life
ah, the best kind of reward
oh nice
otherwise i would have failed it miserably, lol
the college classes usually start later than my highschool semester but they also end earlier too
thats not too shabby
this stream made a bunch of people join
to me i saw 'breakfast' and it's fairly early where i am so i was like "yea makes sense" in my head lul
except for that one semesters in freshman year in highschool
i wonder what would happen if i went around introducing myself as "mr spam"
hola y'all
oh i've come to terms with this revelation a loooooooong time ago pal
it's beginning of the month so we get a lot of monthly bills around this time so i've been building up for the last few days to a day of just sitting around posting them
did you record a black screen again eyan
i remember
congrats
welcome
why does it mention that you have the everyone role
i feel like most people have that one
i’ll try it first, but thank you
engrossing
50 mins
you mean the finger lakes? because those exist <:kappa:374346980136058893>
what _does_ this coast hve
is it really
but i've got an ass that you need to install a mod for
yes! thank you kugal i thought i was the only one
darn it squid
dang it it’s for the holiday spirit guys
when i got promoted
squid everyone knows governments work best when theres two leaders with opposing views who dont want the other one to win
it was a 100 question ap chem test
lmao
man im really out of touch?
whats counts as being dead on the inside?
wow dragonite
then if your local recording doesnt have sound you can pull down the video from twitch, extract the track with just the game audio, and use that
sounds fun, but i don't think that story even has an ending
welcome to the show
i mean, i was the one who came up with the term gigglebutt, lol
but he gives out free hugs sometimes
that’s west coast
yeah, no kidding
spreadsheets actually require energy right now for me.  v_v
i actually have an irl friend now, it's kinda weird
i dunno, i'm in a weird state right now
thanks
i appreciate the company though
i could flip my loneliness to  smothered by far more attention that i could ever desire, lol
honestly, if i could have touhou powers of some sort, i probably would just be content being my own little god
imagine the chaos that perfect possession would case in the world.
i couldn't tell you a single thing about pretty much any presentation i ever watched
how dare they only charge us 6% tax
i'm also going to have learn to trust people again, lol.  i'm way too stubborn with wanting to do everything myself
very true.
no worries.
and scanned
next final after this is my calculus final
i could also easily assist in that department
got some friends that are really good at it
noice
gday mate
film was fun,
thankfully we did have to produce it. there would be no way
is it a euphemism for fart or something idk butts dont usually giggle
thankfully i stopped before i got to that level but the production of things is just overwhelming looking
crystal meth
all hail bob ross
it's true, constantly
with how the building is?
people also complained that it took too long to cover a game, which, i mean, that could be arguably a fair critism
did you know it's possible to physically move a solar system, one day the human race may say "we do it because we can" and move the sun
moving the solar system how far? it's kinda already in motion
maybe it's a sign lol
no way
guess who just got smash
the last thing is to write  my 3 minute speech about it
i should just drop bot.js in the master branch of the repository and let everyone else figure out why it's there
yeah anyway homework bye
yay thank you
that isn't illegal either
medz plus more meds sounds great
it's calculus lol
yeah but is it quick and painless or is it slowly stop being able to breathe until all my muscles stop working and i lie there immobile as my brain stops
well that is bullshit
it's just on netflix
well, glas to know the tanuki leaf is called the super leaf in ultimate
it's be beautiful
if the default healing spell costs 1 magic per second, how many points of magic do you spend after casting it continuously for 3.5 seconds
just as an fyi
nah t posing in front of a freight train
also i lowered the shanty odds
and theres gotta be a maximum age for most people right? probably before you turn 12 if i had to guess
fun story my friend almost died by booking it into a tree and breaking his nose and forehead. there was blood everywhere and that is when i discovered that death is a thing
also here's a memefrom 2011
what about like your spine or something
what the crap cats
only dumb dogs
good job
oh you meant like...ohh
oi, try singing on those choir stands for 20 to 30 minutes with no lumbar support
attempt mage
the programming community should band together to destroy the evil
forknife has some problems but its the best one out there
thanks buddy
ive seen it. its pretty good
theres a non purpose?
how many hours do you think i have on ultimate <:gwsetmyxpeepoevil:405337570952740864>
if youre not playing it now the answer is "not enough"
i got a 128 gb sd card for this game
i would have like that
calculated that back in june
and with the let’s go games selling 3 million copies fast, i think it’s safe to say we will be seeing more let’s go games
that it is
you’d still get the best thing and use those buttons for others anyway
wait crap when did it become 11 pm
how many
the rewind has over 9.9 million dislikes
help
whatever happens happens i guess lol
every day is christmas
you should totally talk to us
it's funny because he's pink nu
one of my friends is like barely hanging onto straight a's
he'll be fine then.  meanwhile, i'm sitting here thinking that i didn't have a job until 23 if you don't count youtube
my appetite has hit the gutter though.  i've lost 5 pounds in the past week and a half.  i'm okay with that though, i was slowly adding weight over the past year and i'm happy to shed some of it off.
thats an interesting way to look at it, i havent thought of that
and also because i don't even know what kind of person i like
morning? my day is mostly done
and i don't want to be foolish and jump into something that's doomed to fail just because i feel lonely.
because i still feel like i acted wrongly, even if i just didn't have the right information to act
i value other perspectives.
i also know what i like
as long as i like them for them im happy
yea i've always been in the mindset of it's better to wait, any attempt to wait to become older to fully commit in a relationship take that opportunity
im gonna brb, i should get ready to leave here for the bloody final
ah yes, that's kinda important
or just is too screwy for my tastes.
nah, i really am just looking to talk to people
i don't have it down to a science, but as the years pass, i get better and better at knowing myself
woah that's an essay to catch up on
honestly wouldn’t know, that’s highly dependent on the person
which brings me back to, where's my damn life cheat codes at
except the dragonborn is life and you're alduin
she's definitely too good for me and she knows it
i mean, i'm honestly not opposed to mixing things up
if you don't start i'm gonna scan out every page of the drivers ed book i have somewhere and randomly send you pages
may have to
im back
10k subs?
that would burn through healthy mental states like a forest fire through california
i can't have too much summer and spring though, allergies are just too rough on me.  fall and winter offer me that reprieve
not the most appropriate timing there
or something like that
i prefer to look out upon the world and see death and desolation
and i'd say i'm not exactly a road rager, but bad driving is probably my biggest pet peeve
and probably die
there is dragons, just, imaginary, lol
eyan, i’m sure you have a better chance than me in my area 😛
there’s always full streets of parked cars here
its ok dragonite
and then i will get one
on the topic of warm temperatures
147 is borderline death are you mad
ew...
i don't know you well bella, but you seem like a good person.  i don't think the arrogance that rainy is displaying is appropriate, but i think you can feel good about yourself
well, you are his creator
ida your country is already skyrim
sadly, i always have a nagging feeling to be productive so it feels like a waste of time
is there a good mod that lets you be a bard?
any female* single
i never used one but i know there was one bard mod that was pretty popular
and usually anything that popular was at least good if it was what you were looking for
huh, darn i would've been good for music lol
exactly
i'll have you know
that it is, thanks flubs
welcome!
worst bot 0/10
what master said
either way pings will fly when it starts
wow how specific
no reverse cards not uno cards
hey i have a life
why you cant go to college and also be successful? i mean you can but i dont see why youd put yourself at a four year, hundred thousand dollar disadvantage
yea..
i actually can't wait for the return.
but also, same. sadly
~~who?~~
i'm michael stevens
between the sinners and the saints, it takes and it takes and it takes
dont it though i mean if you got money you can get one of those cool hand freezing anti-death machines
maybe i removed it when i fixed the thing with the censor list not working
you get that a, wouldn't want anyone getting d around here
screw you
yeah the censor list doesnt work
<:gwqlabsthonkery:398950779769061376>
and ive heard good things about those pocket monster games
i feel like you do
flubs you're a wonderful person who's going to live a long and happy life
text or call your grandma
huh.
oh, who am i kidding, of course you don’t
now the only thing i send outbound email for is calling my sister dumb names
to obad im already 2200 messages behind for that
how were you not already using gmail
you too huh?  😛
cows are food
afterward it goes back to normal style
cows that exercise taste better btw
mcdonalds doesnt really care if their meat tastes a little worse
or at least doesnt have the time for it
what'd i miss
who decides that's a good idea though sharing blood is the source of like half the non-malaria diseases in the history of forever
but probably no because theres no way this is gonna become a problem in my lifetime
do i want to go in for my last final or just sleep
brad is this what you do for fun
actually it doesnt but thats still an awful lot
also surprisingly doing ok despite getting up before 4:30 today
well i know that 8.2/40 is around 20% prolly closer to 21% so you couldntve done 5 times better but definitely did more than 4.75
mood.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
thank you
want the audiobook?
i think my transcripts get updated tomorrow
0.0 stephen is doing a weird thing with the ending song atm on stream
you’re definitely thinking about it a lot then
my final english grade is 98.2% lol
i cant engrish despite passing engrish final
the midterm was like 90% multiple choice with just one short response  it should have been graded by the computer
thanks <:pogchamp:305560024443518986>
same honestly
quesadilla burgers are great
it turned a samsung galaxy into a grenade.
and whatever other fucking shit that counts as a character
skarm is god
i feel a growing sense of dread
my weapon is bad memes
i think theres one in the house in solitude that starts the whole thing
those books have an interesting property to them in regards to damned souls, bella
tmw your robot has friends and you don't
brb gonna go talk to her
why madagascar?
oh right
that's ok
hmm it's 10:30 and ive gotten nothing done i brb
lol if you want to
just turn it into a snowflake with editing magic
i wasnt on the ssformus
master these are your people or something
oooooooo
dragonite42 :::)))))
doubt anyone remembers blackrayquaza except the few that knew
no matter how well i do on the final in one of my classes my grade will go down
just gotta use a bit of algebra slight of hand and u substitution and bam its super doable
it's a little rough but it's not like i'm doing anything else with my pitiful existence so may as well.
at my school it was a 65 or below was failing and you only could go on to the next class in a series if you got at least a 73
it would seem that way
this is a problem
i'm down to my last brain, if that one explodes then, well i'm shutting down until my next brain get's fixed
lots of new people
but mr stabby is a snowman
hey, i can only afford 7 brains alright
then i'll throw a triangle
you said yeah first which makes the no invalid
kinda lame, i wanted the car alarm to go off
both
i wouldn't be angry obviously, just don't care
dovahkiin, doomguy (just for the music), crono (watched eyan lp his game so many times), crash (i played 1 game being nitro kart), 8th gen pokemon
and it was
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
everyone else that has a chance is just i don't care really
watch as the dlc pack for crono only has 1 song in it if he's a character lol
i'm more inclined to play ff6 than 7
yeah and still only 2 songs
also i think geno might be dead now
and universal is owned by comcast iirc which is a competitor to disney
i'd love to see banjo in the game, but i'm not holding hope for it even with microsoft being all for the idea
and well
i really don't know who else they could choose
i'd say it was that he was announced as the first dlc of the fighter packs, even at such a big event no less
exactly, what i said
for some reason, the 21st always had weird sentimental value to me for absolutely no real reason but i forgot about it this year
it makes sense actually. i think i’m the same way, but i had an earlier birthday than i was supposed to but i don’t know the date of that
you can catapult yourself ahead a lot faster if you get a good one
*plays the “i hate people” song from spongebob* this should be my theme song
as it turns out, i'm going to be spending most of today applying for my first ever job.
paving your own path is the dream
everyone did
or at least well enough to enjoy venting his frustrations on fictional characters by brutally murdering them?
you tell me, you're the one who answered the question
either way, they need to work as well to get their pay
an ethically questionable career
it honestly annoys me even as someone who has never played their games
nice ^w^
but still, i just didnt get any joy from it.
i think it's supposed to be a glass of water per drink
most people forgot about the meteos situation within two weeks, so it kinda is
they'll get over it
i frequently forget rall exists
k pop.
ohh....
i dont understand, why are there people that find underage anime girls attractive?
do you exercise regularly?
cuz even small things like going for a run can help combat feeling depressed and down,
neither am i
close enough
and i have a soda machine in our lunch room but i've been cutting back
i also forgot where my box was so i lost my debit card as well
anyways food is here peace
what is wrong with me
i don't even know what that is so i'm good
it's an internship position.
actually, good
today's was about cats
it's a floating island how hard can it me
nice
the angles of it make it tough
that would be somethin' else
live a little
greetings, animal\_man\_.
thank you for listening to my speech
yeeeaaaaaahhhhhhh
switch things up
then it'd kill me though
i mean youd assume as much
honestly yeah
oh that
you got that pretty spot on
also, yeah kugal, i guess it was technically a job, in fact a damn good one, but i feel like it did nothing for me in terms of developing skills i need for the normal workforce so now i'm playing catchup
what are the main memes of 2018
i'm just depression drinking to ignore the fact i'm spending christmas entirely alone
i'm not eating there
those bastards
magus9000 fainted!
i've never been so complimented and intrigued at once
cool
i don't have time i just make it by putting off things that are actually important
but cool
get fallout 4
based on the context, you
what are we fucking?
magfest is a 3.5 day event so on any given day there's a 1% chance that i'll be at magfest
kings orders
merry christmas eve, ya nerds
music and gaming festival
of course you did
have fun, don't break anything
oh i have some time rn, time to scan out the driving rules book and start bothering bella with that
*me starts harmonizing* who lives who dies who tells your story
i like how the modern internet just lets you google strings of six words and instantly find out who said them
ironically missed the ping because i was playing sims 3
yummy
nice
its the one people want the most of
that is, if you play the drums
well you can be alive on the outside and dead on the inside
like one day the charger port just decided to lose any and all grip
the clone wars
point b
present spoiler
something something westbound train 70 mph something something eastbound 10 mph faster something something when will they meet
i can't talk
that
no the answer is boston because one train breaks down
i'm on data
mine may have a second one, but with the only angle i'm viewing it from, it'd be impossible to see
it's always an experience
merry christmas, nerds.
at least send him to the right channel
i thought mine was missing a few vowels
the twelve days of christmas?
he’s a baby so most of them are blurry as heck
nice
im ok
i could say whats on my mind right now, but i'll save it for when he's sober <:lul:305559915714576385>
is it on sale?
happy crimas friend
she is
i am a goddess
hey eyan are you streaming tomorrow
ok nice
they have coffee. i am sleepy. it’s also almost eleven. it’s probably not worth
other than that one time
why does mute not fucking work on the bot
shes into kinky shit
<:gwnonexmaikasmug:402867199825674251>
it’s still only christmas #1 tho
so my average day for the past year consists of 7:51 of sleep, 3:20 warframe, 2:39 school, 1:40 with eyan, 1:36 with family, 0:57 on homework, 0:37 in the car, 0:36 on reddit, and everything else is bellow half an hour so its inaccurate
merry christmas
happy christmas exclusively to those who dont celebrate
christmas merry
hmmm sleep what a good idea
theres a second one?
id join and sing but my throat is missing
how loosely?
i might pop into the stream later when my family is not here and i actually have peace and quiet
i’m a baconator
cakeonator
underwhelmed
ator*
i'm just gonna stay in call while playing ffxiv
huh. actually gotta go, hopefully stream'll still be up when im back
good lord you people are still in voice?
well then the little things should make you not miserable
santa's stand is jesus?
okay, ,christmas party in vc.
so you got 3.4 years
thank god
my shit is beokken
i asked for a new phone for christmas. hopefully, i get it tomorrow
i drank soda does that count for something <:kappa:374346980136058893> lol
this is the most i've drank in
oh fuck
lmao thanks i think
guys
nope
nani
hey guys remember christmas from chrono trigger?
you get in for comedy
that test would have me fail hilariously
yeah but not for you
panic mode activate
ruined the grading curve
i mean
i win???
deja vu
look
they don’t reach a peace, that’s alright
time to get some pistols and a doctor on site
you got this
you have him turn around so he can have deniability
honestly, i'm stupid proud of that timing
oh god
that's me falling out of my chair
how can men be so fucking dense
like what the fuck
are you calling eyan stupid
it's a mess
mucho mejor
depends on starting location and end destination
yes danit
oh my
fuck you
i'm in school, so that's where it's spent
not rn
so like
panda can’t math
i’ll try to. i haven’t played in a while
tsa broke a $400 prop
eyan
we can’t hear you. at least i can’t
hear who
ehhh
all of my attraction
go to hell, robot
it's one of those big neckhole ones
wait get one for me while you're at it
i paid and played
you're just noticing?
eyan
no thanks lol
you know you love it, babe
no clue how it works tho so rip lol
wow, eyan just called me cute
me and my sister were playing smash this morning, on the gamer stage
i wasn't here when that happened
holy fuck
you always do, babe
awww
dumb
you like drunk me?
heed
nighty
and also to god
night guys ^w^
did you see that density chart
i probably will soon enjoy, i fucking love hiking
oh everyone's gone
haven't gone on any this month, probably a good idea to go burn off the like 4000 calories of booze anythe 300 calories of christmas dinner
i got an electric blanket for christmas and it has helped wonderfully to alleviate cold
7% but i'll ignore it on rainy's behalf
you seemed to be quite interested at one point in time
lol, i know i'm weird
also eww
i mean, you could be like rainy, she's interesting, but it cost her her soul
it's okay, i am too
i mean, people in general arent very interesting. they dont have character arcs to follow and no cool powers. they just complain and use resources until they roll over and die
i mean
being that awesome doesn't come free
oh, so we're role playing now
it's such a bother to have to keep turning all caps on and off
enlighten me, why?
rainy said this [2:01 pm] thy queen, zealots: you can just yelll at me, i'm into it
because you are innocent
fair enough
r/askreddit i assume?
same, they feel like a waste of time
there was some story on reddit about things people accidentally said during sex and that story blew up and went full scale meme
i don't call him that, master is a... reserved term for me
don't worry, i can definitely get more mad
thank you my queen
so just as a warning, dont get mad if it is very stupid
you'd have to be some eyan levels of dense
are eyan and rainy dating?
no, please do
all of em
she just likes fucking with me
go to hell robot
that's not how being dense works
this day is draggin
also you only got what, 2 hours left
normally it's like 40-50 minutes depending on how fucked i get, but it should be 30 tops today
look
i blame rainy
that's how i felt yesterday, but i think that's just called  a hangover
i'm capable of trying
just gotta gimme the word to release it
new year's isn't until next week
materials for everything else: <$80
obviously
so do i, i built a youtube channel off of it
rainy only shared one of the two cat pics
yeah that sounds about right
what's the least ajit part of florida?
don't ruin my fantasy eyan
wait
should we document dragonite as an scp
i'm gay now
if you must specify a playable race, probably balgruuf the greater
who is the hottest male character in skyrim?
too much stress
i can make any cosplay for any body, given enough... experience with said body
you won't stop me from handling you sexually? wow, truly a scholar and gentleman
why would i not be?
people like complaining more than money duh
nice
hmmm
technically i'm referring to my ap system, not windows
i didn't even know we were dating let alone that far into things
i get the pc
"rainy - guru & queen of ass"  something like that?
a-sofs
i get his cat
i ain't eyan's s tuff
but i dont know if i could handle that responsibility
highly effective
me right now
well, it's up to her, lol
you're good at drawing a bunch of scribbles and pretending they're instructions
are you?
what were your expectations?
i wanted to go to prom, but
alcohol?
but i wanna dance
black 2 and white 2 came out
eyan you just need to learn how to optimize your talents, is all
i didn't choose anything last night
plot twist, i was gay all along
btw, 9k, set our permissions for the voice channels to include anything prehistoric frog and above
thank you for that
fuck all that
no idea what you're talking about but okay
imagine being assassinated by someone who uses a knife and fork for their pizza
i never would have guessed from the name
so it was _you_ who sent me the free trial of playboy magazine?
it recommended a game called boobs saga
what's with you and baconators?
steam apparently understands me
you'll notice i said "mostly"
probably
it's not your fault
huh, maybe i don't have you beat then, technically i only have 3 but i had a fourth that was close
all driving speeds will be in m/s
i doubt she remembers half the names
you dont have to give us an exact number, just the data type that would be required to store them
yeah but with even more ways to start an explosion
like all over the damn place
i sort of always imagined rainy is the personification of a nuclear bomb
i'm sorry
zero
he's dumb
i'd say she needs to aim
the deepest emotional connection i've had heretofore...
how depressing do i wanna get with this?
probably wise
backup brains, i burned through 3 of them in my theory final yesterday
no swearing.
well i'm not
oh yes
everything
the heart wants to beat
my two year+s with men permanently scarred me (one literally) and my year+ with a girl is still my friend
the heart wants a beating
but on the other hand the brain gave us video games
yeah but brains also invented the lobotomy
that sounds like a problem that can be taken care of at a later point in time
stop
i mean
i type, send, and than ignore
you should send them to random foreign emails
play smash bros.
cause in it's time, it was fucking stupid
same honestly
unless it's to x person/people who shan't be named
not brilliant
you were
driving trip continues, i'll be there at like 1
you're welcome
bring me some takis to apologize
<:roodab:509458870700212235>
i ain't picky
lets get it
so it doesnt really matter
shall i spam it
hmm, i'll move to st catharines, seems like my kind of city
but alas
no promises
what kinda breakfast do you prefer?
but eyan
alright, fine, i'll take the pic after i make you breakfast, if you're clothes aren't on by then you're a lazy fuck
probably not
can i come in the middle of it than?
i dunno, next summer
you will not escape coffee
fair
we have acquired the vip, back in another 50
that it is
hear me out
tim horton's is 👌
i'll be long gone
nice
unless it was just a jebait
yo right
none of them are talos
actually isaac brock
empire loves lists
move everything else down a step
the christians are so boring with one jackass
no offense to any christians in here but your religion robbed me of the first 16 years of my life
even thought mike is still alive
making a molotov without vodka is heresy
and jack daniels
wait you mean it's possible?
i'll let you know later
doesnt sound like anything new
whos the manager?
rainy have you tried a preschool that doesn't have catholic influence?
yeah it is better the vip is roasting dad's bad management
the anti-virgin
he wants anything
if you make that graph
i will add on another dirnk to what i owe you
flubs
such a sucker for food?
megumin, put her close to but below me
anywhere
hiya will
that scale tho lol
i am aroused
thanks deci and panda for setting the curve
i'm just going through discord look for things i called god at any point
ok rain
can you fill this out
and the 100%+ percent come from things outside of the game universe
this is fidget, she killed god
that's the only material i know on top of my head cause it sounds like weed
rude
thats less than not productive
skyrim?
hell yeah
it's the goddamned skyrim engine
i'm into it
time off means memory decay
it has a purpose
integral of y dx
not much, you?
and i can’t fall back asleep because i’m hungry
but you won't go the fuck to sleep
i'm much more at home in inkscape than gimp, but i'm learning, i think.
and i told you to go the fuck to sleep
oh, so we want to debate semantics of what is possible vs what is justified?
oops all caps
i wish it was time for lunch
i love the genre though so i'll never not like metroidvania
that's deep
the number one reason i want smash is because smash
when that shit comes around i'll have to settle for not actual nerds cause all the actual nerds will be fucking their computers
he'd be way too op
yeah, and?
i'm just depressed
wow 9k, i've never seen someone on here have such a correct opionion
dark chocolate is where it's at
dark chocolate reflects the bitter, stygian nature of my soul. i have a connection to it that spans the eons
you're wrong on the grounds that you annoy me
he's just dumb, he doesn't know what he's saying
we shall rest when we are dead
this kingdom doesn't actually have rules against any type of death
you see the trick is to do that before you leave the shower
try harder
this is too lewd
pardon me, i am as dense as the entire universe packed into a tiny spec of spacetime right before the big bang
you want her to give you a not dumb reason?
real life is dragging me out of my coffin
imma take an aside to say i have a great butt.
that's cause you're stupid
sounds like it’s doable at least
i mean, i got a b
mmmmm
eyan what's the integral of 3dx
but in high school, that was failing for me
high school was hell for me
listen here you little shit
so applying for schools is fun
oof no reminders about gpa
took one, did fuckall on the english and essay portions, somehow got 1440
my condolences rc
not really, i didn't try that hard, lol
hope so
mmk, that's acceptable
yeah, dia
kinky
i have no siblings, but i look forward to fucking with my cousins in the same way
that should answer all questions
oh yeah that works
but the pixel count
it's in the show
the blonde's outfit on my desktop is one of the cosplays i have now
that one?
they have icons
for like, everyone
even the bot hates me
if the rapture happened would it resemble the snap?
curiosity expands the known data set to expand a search for potential patterns which can in the long term simplify the work necessary to get a desired answer
i expect nothing less
how many people sailed out into the unknown and were never heard from again before one managed to find a new land?
he does proc the censor on edits thought
neither does living another 10 years
sure having them around is great for then and there but that impact is limited. if that group does manage to find somethi- this is the part where i realize i have no idea where i'm going with this
sure it does
are we planning on re-implementing the naughty words censor or something
that's a topic for down the road
something about elon musk wanting to have other companies put him out of business
also master im disappointed you did not save fus go fuck yourself
fair enough
in a good way or a bad way
what is a man
hmmm
eyan isnt it past your bedtime
that's what curiosity gets you
doesnt automatically invalidate them all
actually it doesnt
and are they still alive
do you have any data on how often questions in this server actually end with question marks
you mean tomato juice right
some people are into that
what is a man
jesus is into drinking blood
so one to one reply to valid conditions should be fine
it's symbolic ya ninny
nice
ok so yesterday you defined who was in the pantheon
>for 10 million, i think my wife would be there cheering me on.
well i'm out until later, so it'll have to wait
by the 8
ask about the most obscure thing possible
i have stuff to do for the next hour or so
also fuck the thalmor too
eyan it's just an array chill
mages can cast beneficial spells on others, does that make them gods?
most of the time
hmm it magically came back
this is a good one to start with
you live
chocolate chip?!
yeah just mix booze with snowberries, moon sugar, and frost salts
spiced brandy
go for it
the precision of this spreadsheet is an art
just reeeee
we're playing for second place
eyan you're ok with boring
i mean, you're invited if you want ida
guys go to sleep
i can't wait to go crash at eyan's hotel whenever he's working night audit
too tired?
haven't we all?
cause you said $25 a month
if someone gets hurt, that's an assault charge
oh i can assure you
but eyan
i could just what?
do you though?
am i not worth the effort?
i look gay in glasses
does he go on the pantheon?
he portrayed an emotionally confused late teen rather amazingly
i like my girls with short hair
sipho dias is the real mvp
blob:null/24c29de3-9b1e-4a3a-802d-469d552825e2
if you think i'll forget this... this indignance
i'm not your queen, i am the queen
so presumptive
"are you having a fucking chuckle" -rainy rn
depends on the day
out of what set?
a perfect culmination
a solid one
alright glhf
i kinda wish i was at work right now, so much regret will be had tonight
around here at least
that was a very fitting response actually
so, never?
proud of you
think of all the pretty things you can buy me
i'm never bored, just attention starved
i'm never bored
e!bot
my next one is *probably* gonna be a treehouse
4tn1te
it also may have been spillover from dc
which happened to permeate like 1.5 states
she was giving pieces of information and i wanted to have it all mapped out nicely
you call that nicely
my critics are... usually shortlived
i was distracted scp readings
i call that a clusterfuck
better.
just saw coffee
yeah thats right skarm
i've still got 4 hours and 35 minutes
is it better than regular coffee?
what will cup of java give you
stream nerds
uwu
uwu
<:ceselaayaya:506890802707038209>
👀👀👀👀
and then theres the last year memes that theybforgetbto remove from the production build
probably not
the turnpike has opened up to three lanes though so theres probably less than 70 miles left
good job
same thing
hungover stream
wouldnt the light from the screen hurt his eyea
there are a bunch of people who tell me it's good, should i submit to defeat and join them?
did anybody else ask?\
hmm should i join stream or get things done for the first time since forever
lmao he started singing in another server so it continues here
i'm gonna buy a suite so that i can cook shit... though i don't think gaylord suites have ovens... hmmmmm
what do you even do at conventions
good job unicode (๑•͈ᴗ•͈)b
have you ever eaten at the sports bar thing inside the gaylord? every time i dropped by the wait time was like an hour long
d&d is probably something i'd love, yet have never touched
also ida, oh honey
i will host d&d&d in my room at mag
that's next year
nice
oh wait wrong thing
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
i mean, i have no expectations for you
i had classes today running off 3.4 hours
she just wants me to call her mommy
i have class again on monday and really not looking forward to it
thanks quitcorrect
but i also need to scan 14 pages
good shit girl
also is that new profile pic from a comic?
eyan
scan?
it was fun seeing him
i'm so sad i missed out on the peak of vr chat
havent seen him in a year or so
oh wait i know why
pi vpn
i dunno, however much force it takes to stop ~50kgm/s of momentum
scanning is easy when youre able to stand
just like me
yo that name is cursed
then that depends on how long it took
feel better kugal
nerd
don't you do it
well welcome back, bac. we missed you.
i agree
like i dont get whats up with that
i find that actually to be wrong
not as rarted
how much can i cuss
how do you play skyrim
that is a pretty awesome avatar, lol
but like minus 500 hours
to quote eyan from earlier today, " you're not my mother"
ok skarm take a few steps back
and looking for somebody to love
yeah if we act normal in the beginning its just gonna make the truth even more horrible
oh my
midnight, so basically, pretty early
midnight
alright off the showers i go
and do you sing?
radiation is bad for you
if you want to be bored
i scream in the shower
ive been moving along at a snails pace tonight
they don't bite, except for eyan... well at least hopefully
eyan you what
show me the situation
have you tried... ctrl z
ctrl shift q
oh, i found a cute ass princess peach hat at target
eyan
i listen to splatoon music
eyan, google eightfold road
master i downloaded a copy of that spreadsheet as xlsx
everyone is here
poof
this basically sums up my life
how could it not be eyans paradise, i'm here
its time to redo the test
does pansexual mean you wanna fuck pubg
rice score is 17
smooth
she thought it was hilarious
good job
good times
thanks
fucking casuals
i am
no room
i love it
who remembers the great bit war between panda and rainy
to everyone here
drugs is bad kids dont do em
thanks
sweet
shut up
you're cute like eyan
as far as this world is concerned, i am the most normal
i could go to a bar right now, have a fun night, and come home with a guy
sigh it's one in the morning
it's a date
i made you re-add that
<:oddonelol:509217217645248513>
guess whose camera is not recognizing memory cards
e!america
eyan
ooof
when you see me in that miriam cosplay eyan, i can't wait to be as smug as a human can be
ooof
pardon me
skarm is skynet confirmed lol
thanks
the density?
<:gwoiczenthink:390299938250293250>
it's such a pain in the ass
in person, of course
you're welcome to join the 4
i'm 6'3"
what do?
weeb.
i am in my room
which is why it’s amazing
hmmmmm
it's more fuel for me
eyan
oh i encourage most kinks
we are equally dirty
arkada
of course
i eat like
and i need to be up at a reasonable hour tomorrow
and arkada, questions like that keep me up at night
300 calories, just buy me a salad at the supermarket
you notice girls getting boobs
i'll take two
and you're the retard wearing skinny pants
resist
kinda
i could be sleeping. why am i here
vision this
this place is fine
stay away from him
zelda is a trap
daisy hello?
i've seen under zeldas dress
please
hmmmmmmmmmmm
am i being analyzed rn
shhh
go to hell candy
eyan is learning about the female
we do get new people
y is everyone so mean to eyan
i didnt think this would work
i bet that pp is so huge
it's average size
you can come join us again
oops
what?
hes both
just
younot hear me talk
by texas law, i'm pretty sure saying salutations allows you to take ownership of another's boyfriend
it's the law
you cannot say those things
it's okay i ask myself that question every once in a while
rainy this is the real tmabird who made everybody's circulation btw
must not strangle rainy
<:rooaww:530069696058228754>
go for it
everybody protects you panda
i swear
doooo it
i'm gay
can you speak louder
promise
it vibrates when i type too many things
what game rainy?
whats the e-peen
eyan
because andi spammed
or just turn it down
do you need a ruler
go to hell
if you want me to shut my mouth you're gonna have to stick something in it
stop talking
god damnit
ew to meat? :o
it's okay
alright, tma
i'll be real
panda panada penguin the third
can i adopt u
thats why you stay bent over
im cuter than u too tbh
bailey
fuck
i'll tie up tma as well
uh no
hmmmmm
not the tie-er
i need to find my good jeans
i am a commodity as well
i am being traded
who else am i gonna be kinky with
im getting boobs
me either
will you talk
forgive for what?
ive seen m9ks dick
ill give you 5 dollars
i am tilted
if tma played his guitar would u speak
and my tuners dead
<:roodab:509458870700212235>
that was a total uwu no
<:roodab:509458870700212235>
i bet he's nice
yeah
tods boobs feel like a bag of sand
i love rose
pics or it didnt happen
oh the africa dand?
they did. i understand
bailee b snyder
oh wait
are we talking about relationships
a fucking loser
i hate guys like that
i just wanted to see how far i could stretch
double win
i could make such a depressing joke that it would definitely ruin my night
oh hey, i opened that
yeah, ffxv, main four characters genderbent
i dunno which one do you think i should do :o
i am mostly done with my cosplay for the leftmost gal
i just need to get the abs
i am a man i think
i'm surprised there's no "#selfies" channel in this discord
chubby is fine
well
night bella <:roohi:510305569475657740>
i mean
nice to meet you, see you later
better
we were talking about depressing stuff
and insecurites
i can play the piano way better
<:gwgoashuu:405753103326117888>
yeah lol
~~6 exeggcute or 1 exeggcute?~~
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
one, i have curly fucking hair
that sort of thing goes in <#311402910820859914>, arkada.
that's 30 minutes on it's own
can i just say
when eyan said a few
all of them
do you need a hint, darling?
and since it's a weekend i do my once a week skincare routines, like 15 minutes
<:kappapride:379352530863521792>
but the only attention you give me is the rude kind, lol
i know i am
it doesn't mean you're not cute tho
no no
speak for yourself
victorian
is that a thing now
it's the uv radiation of the sun that's the issue
oh ok
can i just live inside of an x-ray machine
according to the song
i love d&d i just wish i had more spare time to play
ive just never found the right people to play with. theyre all fun and nice, they just dont keep consistent enough schedules to play ever
honestly, i just don't have time and other people for tabletop gaming nowadays. aside from the rare instance that i do.
by putting down the things he doesn't like
but the usually coincide
hello gambit but with boobs
i ruin everything :)
with discord and roll20, for example
according to this book, eyan is too much of a coward for us to date
god i hate children
what else does it say
stream.
you mean almost by "all 3 were nearly killed" or "the number of children i have killed is approaching 3"?
half the time that's when i end up going to sleep
help
i can
i still think <:kappa:374346980136058893> looks similar to emile
i'm assuming that's there as a joke, considering candyman is the only with it.
just now?
also wait
at the very least, i hope we get a mini direct like last january
so all of us are free to abuse your bot then, since he did it to us first
also am i the only one who finds it weird how someone would want to avoid knowing about dlc content
just a thought
other way around here, sleepy but not tired
so go ahead
hmmmm
i am lonely, i am gay, i have depression
but sleep is still a solution to exhaustion
and i know that difference better than most
you're not wrong
i am very opposed to doing something
the only reason i'm here is because eyan is
its for your own good
as most things are in my life
eyan leave
what am i saying
he just admitted it more or less, lol
yes you are
hey look on the bright side though
is that am or pm
its just a matter of doing it
uh....retail :)
do you work in the loading bay
this has probably been posted here before but i can’t be bothered to look through the few months of stuff i’ve missed so here
i did that for a few days and basically ceased existing
didn’t feel like it at all
oh yeah thats me
i ws going to make a joke but i decided against it
im not a fan of onions
im bad at type
i am mostly just fond of them on burgers
pretty much try every food at least thrice
i think a game crashing on a loading screen is better than it just loading forever
in the show
the first pokemon ash is shown to have is a voltorb
just name daniel robert gheesling, maybe include a home address or something
i didn't ask about taste lol
woke up to see star wars on. nice
<:king:356095432495202315>
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
when we start doing annual zeal meetups we can play for a few hours each time
genius
i'd have to go with switch
this is quite the predicament
that’s fair.
oh yeah that one too
oh damn
you guys wanna waste more time with league?
currently not home, so i would join later
nice
thats why im waiting for the netflix version of the cw shows
20 is not bad.
that’s the point, i like seeing people’s reaction when it’s going on
because the earlier ones could also play ps2 games
~just rewatch the crossover all summer~
but then you watch everything super late.
i’ve only seen it a couple times... its not even about the game.
i get to into movies
i mean, we spend time more on games yknow?
as a mets fan i lead a life of annual disappointment
i doubt thats legal
goodmorningall
not gonna lie the only game i want on swich is smash
so far the games i’ve played on pc don’t do as much for me as console games have
look at his sub animation
did somebody say miku?
oh my god
can i share them in this chat?
i have
except for 2015
never thought of it
i have a miku print somewhere but all my past con stuff is kind of just shoved away waiting to actually be displayed one day
that way you have an idea when you are financially ready but cpu and motherboards change so quickly youd have to make some changes when you are ready
also i have acquired pizza
i mean
i can get him to stop if you want
driving is my sanctuary when i am a sad boye
all the important places are nearby
one day
"empty" streets are nice
we have to drive 25-30 minutes to do anything
steal the silverware for yourself, then
i take it that the midwest is no longer high noon land
not that i need
however
yeah, northeast is good for dodging natural disasters, the worst ya get is snow
yeah but new orleans isnt even that big
bloons
ooos it’s one
disaster
still big enough to do a lot of damage
wacky? really?
also we're pretty good at moving a lot of people around quickly
true, there aren't just roads in new york. there's also the subway system
the residents are cannon fodder no matter what city they're in when a storm goes for the particular city they're living in.
well that's not really anything new for hurricanes in general
ah, return of the jedi, what a classic
i dont know what youre talking about
the more south they are, the worse they are.
lol rip
yeah
also birds arent real and the moon is a myth
satorl marsh is probably the butt tbh
i'm never too drunk for investment banking
im like part of tornado alley tho
eyan, my honour has been bismirched, defend me
okay, now they have the right to die
well that is just rude
oh they're long gone.
why do people ever feel like that?
rainy have you ever piloted an automobile
same as g
though with working at a hotel, i feel eyan has more available
understandable
cant you just get more out of candyman?
i certainly pay dividends though.
you make a compelling argument
eyan knows a good relationship will be an expensive one regardless
i usually prefer thinner and crispier, mushy fries make me sick
eww fries
ever had a gretan, arakda?
ughhhhh
i have so much tired
yeah, economy, sorry
so i'm at less than 15 in the past 72, why god. why?
to be fair, i wouldn't want to watch last jedi again anyways, lol
i'm never bored
i'm just glad that j.j. abrams is directing episode ix
i do it for rey
the fuel is what matters
cutting out the parts with finn probably would’ve helped
if i recall correctly rainy paid $10 for that
that it is
same
i just wish i had more outlet's. since my pc/internet has been a bust for months all i have is my laptop. so i'm very limited on what i can do. im tired of watching movies, anime, youtibe videos. i'm bored and sad. not a good combo tbh
you want to get more out of what little free time you have?
oh it is, i've enjoyed playing through the world of light
story of my life lol
that's a good way to just delete free time
they should have ryan reynolds cameo in dc and starwars movies
ooh congrats
i didn’t read it tho
jeez 9k, it's like you aren't even mlg lvl 30 in btd5 *or* btd6
not even on pc yet
<:gwoiczenthink:390299938250293250>
a manakete would be sick as hell, but it won't happen
go outside or something <:kappa:374346980136058893>
nobody would expect that now
my dumbass just hit the power button by accident
welcome
i didn't know when my last save was, but it was only ~15 minutes
we can make a night of it
he is competitively ciable
rainy i gotta warn you
yes he does
he's b tier
but one you play him
xenoblade chronicles' composer did a remix of gangplank galleon and it's nnnnnnnnnnffff
of who the third character might be
piranha plant, joker, and -redacted-
i think it'll be a final fantasy rep
yeah
i know i am but what are you, eyan
wow did they even try
for that 3rd character?
dark pit is s tier
excuse me for my french but
you'll be extra down
i played a fair amount of link too
my queue is bugged
that was my 616th
neet
iowa is in central
that was a fantastic last game
also
anytime you want
oh goody
if i knew why i was sad
i have terrible taste in men apparently
you have some low spec games to play?
what's up lol ^w^
plus i enjoy typing
bella i thought you were like, 18 lol
ooooh they have the watchmen movie on netflix. i havent seen it and wish i realized that three hours ago
which co-worker?
nope
yeah but it explains boobs
ha, it's not even 1 here
just a hunch
no the suit is what makes them look pretty
that sleep schedule tho o.o
don’t call me dan, dan
you are saying
i've killed people for less
did you just call me candy dan
hey, kamui uses a chainsaw
candyman kill me
he's definitely the last metroid character that i think can be reasonably added to the lineup
really, not many classic metroid characters are characters i think they can reasonably add to smash
kraid is a part of one of the brinstars
here's hoping no executive meddling happens. it looks like samus will make a full recovery from being on hiatus.
i now see why it is rated t
i just think it's an out there choice that makes sense
since hunters took place between prime 1 and 2
night bella ^w^
that second part was uncalled for
wait all the hunters are alive
some would say lord retard
the oversear
~~she probably bribed eyan~~
id let a stranger fuck me for 10m
nay.. like a horse?
skarm is retarded
paid for a house with sex
it's lovely dear
hmmmm
and if i could get my partner involved in it, it's like a win-win-win-win
just be single forever like me
just answer once for yes, once for no
glad we cleared that up
did not mean to dc lol xd
there's a bunch of outfits that make the characters in their underwear and nothing else
i said everyone, not everything
alright
that speech class is as hectic as i expected
thanks
i'm reading an article about rockstar games and it casually mentioned that `this comes after the news last week that the xbox scarlett and ps5 next-gen consoles are expected to be announced in 2019`
eyan dont say the f word
something something work suck
fucking weebs
it was on sale
why did nobody tell me about this
boots
<:failfish:372152438355918848>
boots
i'm pretty sure the official nintendo account hasn't tweeted anything yet
isnt there always a big january blowout though
what will we do with a drunken sailor
that's cool
yeah at some point i think i didnt really care
but yeah gordon ramsay would be cool
but there's better air flow
id assume the friction of moving makes that far more likely
oh man they actually still post a small number of videos every few years
just like that
i mean if you just walk through sand like that you probably had it coming
i steal things and ruin lives, not use magic to fix stuff
agh my calc ii prof hasnt gotten back to me so now im slightly terrified he wont before the class begins lmao
ok then
hmm you might not object to that
is this like lwiay but for papa ryan?
wake up you hoe
easy top 3
cynthia would like a word with you
i like how im already done with work for today
for the record it's "tertiary"
i haven't gotten anything really bad since about 2010 either. somehow around then i got an infection that caused my computer's printer spooler to stop working. that was fun. and a pain in the neck because in 2010 i had to actually print out stuff.
i just started
maybe i should enter it into a virtual machine or something and find out
python
don't worry rainy, i still like you
as much as i want to give you attention rainy, it's my lunch break
never claimed to not be normal
it just sounds like a gutteral hissing
weirdo
probably something with sheep
i literally just play to get diamond than quit
wait a minute
caged
finger had a minor stroke
haven't played since like a year ago
good thing i'm always tired
but i'm never tired enough
well that and i somehow overlooked the fact that he said we should do this again sometime <:rooderp:531156967943569410>
yes you do
oh wait, i might actually have a reason to be sad
you left it up to me and what i decided wasn't good enough
wow, not giving attention to me, so rude
we should abolish snow
my heart feels at home
i'm good at like
surprise me
it’s like how 2010 sounds really recent
sounds like a bad year to me
dammit eyan, i fucking told you to save me some
the second i consume a single carb, all my abs will disappear
i mean, i believe it
i mean, so does getting slapped in the face
girls don't eat cake
i just remembered how i used to wear hoodies in the middle of summer
i mean i'm not aiming high for life, namely because i want to get a red seal for an electrition

especially electritions, that trade is one of the highest deficits in canada
yo same
i am insulted
sylas when sylas steals shyv ult he has her spells for the duration
stop being so popular
i was very on topic thank you
hmmmmm
and how he's such a dad
you wanna play now or later, how you feelin
maybe
will you though?
do talk more
t b h
jeez
yeah that
soo much
games stuck on a black screen
stuck on "entering game"
just remove the 40000
i'm giving my share to the people
does anyone have any recommendations of what kind of parts i should buy for my pc in the spring time?
that was fast
<:gwoiczenthink:390299938250293250>
ok but i feel like there are better ways to do that
are you trying to _reduce_ your job security good sir
for a gfx card
i literally dont know what you're talking about
they need food <:gwaobapepecry:395628671911854081>
sylas
thank you autocorrect
rainy goes gay like 5 times a week, i'm not too worried about it
i mean why don't you say you're bi and get over with it
jesus christ you fucking morons
clearly
same
nobody here was claiming that you said there was something wrong with vanilla
also do most people side with the empire? reddit is like 90% stormcloak lmao
or at least i was
i wonder if those are the same people who turned on nick in fallout 4
ice cream is far more important
or is that mjoll
because usually theres also programming in there
men love boobs and skyrim
place your bets for how long it'll take before we optimize and talk about boobs _in_ skyrim
someone doesnt appreciate c u l t u r e
boobs bring everyone together
that too
also 99% of fake boobs dont work at all like real boobs. the defying of gravity is mesmerizing
i prefer concave chests myself
what, contemplations of anatomical geometry?
definitely.
what's the point of boobs you don't share
no. i was just drawing lol
no  never
can’t you like both?
butt
lol what do you prefer panda
oh eyan
all the good things hurt you
i actually don't dragonite
excuse me what the fuck
i know what i'm getting you for your birthday next year
<:rooderp:531156967943569410>
fixed it
izi pizi
i see there’s a party in vc or something
doubtful
i'm having a hard time, just me and booze
rofl
still eatin tho
yeah, i do
define "doesn't look like it's from the ancient era"
sounds about right, dragonite
crap im supposed to be cleaning my room brb
oh its a time limit, but i talk fast and its annoying
i just hated 99% of my classes
i cant write like anything
maybe. its a speech.
lucky
math. no. bad.
imma forget 90% of this speech
does your teacher spend like 45 minutes yammering about eye contact every single class too
people seem suprised by 500+ a lot
dont worry
arkada draw something else
i could, but i don't want to leave my other friends
<:roodab:509458870700212235>
wonder how much work it would be to make my own
you rang
hmmmmmmm
later nerds, i need to focus
my presence is a privilege
eyan
to panda
rainy, come back
you guys still in vc
i wasted a lot of time tonight doing this
was just playing read dead when my xbox account randomly signed off, so the game restarted because i had to pick my account again and i have to replay a side quest. 😑
hmmm
perv
and my current xcom character honestly looks exactly like me
i had a pixie cut in 2015, haven't cut it since
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
but i let them order
but i'm gay
that's why i pick at their food
i just won't eat
<:gwgoathinken:405753076432109573>
noctis is adorable
attention?
that's hermamora
hmmmmmm
virgo that's it
amirite
the little mass-produced ones with memes on them and stuff
but they ain't cause you're investment banking is boring and you are a coward
more like
bella you didnt tell me you had a twin
better late than never i guess
rainy dont be rude to the one who can have you decapitated
there are things i should probably do but i dont feel like doing them
go to bed you dumb fuck
yes i am
this makes me want to look up zodiac stuff instead of writing notes for my speech.
ever
which will probably happen
go to bed eyan
of course i want attention
thanks for the reminder google
it's a supernatural thriller
dumbass
and hey, you love it
i know c
i make that specific reference all the fucking time
lime what?
but first
alright
this is what i'm getting in a couple years
i'm not enough for you????
how dare you speak to me
oh good
ughh
wow you fucking would
you already left me
the motorcycle i want to get
did someone say... panda onesie?...
okay
so really i'm just staring at my screen thinking about all the things i don't wanna think about
oops
thunderdome 🤣
that's why i got 6 hours of sleep
good one
eh, that's your problem then
it's less maintaining health and more shifting dependencies
good morning <:roohi:510305569475657740>
debatable
what is sarcasm?
i gotta work a short shift this afternoon
work
eyan, let me post in black omen
free game
one of my actual faves
hmm tfw i can't get audio unless i use my capture card ~_~
spiderman grapple and parkour mechanics, it's good
wow rude
i never claimed it to be honorable, lol
cause i usually do beserker: alteration, two handed, light armor
i've done a fair number of nord playthroughs so usually two-handed, either light or heavy armor, block and then depending on the playthrough, ice magic, speech, enchanting, or maybe tossing in some one handed and block
what kind of warrior?
<:treason:396483914803445761>
guys one of these days we need to tie master and candyman down to chairs and indoctrinate, i mean, re-educate, i mean, enlighten them
9:27 am] king of zeal: i am a dumbass and rainy is too good for me.
the dun
just so i can dress a cat
how close by do they walk?
irl stream? <:oddonepog:509217203271499786>
install linux and then blame it
smash me
that i can do
nice
are you talking to the robot again?
see ya'll in a few
you said a story
i been busy working on a twitch/ discord emotes commission atm
ewww
i'd go there, but it's less than a mile away
i just played adventures of captain spirit so im invested in the universe again. send help
those are few and far in between
y'all entertain me, it's like a four mile walk
the almighty thanos whale... has arrived
the almighty thanos whale has arrived!!!!!
hey panda can you post that kanna emote again
but they are all valid
thanos beyblade
thanos laptop
it had me actually smiling.
let's just blow up the entire midwest tbh
best anime is big chungus.
you're not a full thot
then we'd just have wyoming and not wyoming
my life
play the song
no wait
why do i only hurt the people i love
no u
gottem
wait are you trying to send me to gulag for wrongthink?
by that do you mean you will be nice to master and master alone, or do you mean you will be nice to master and literally not do anything else?
imagine if someone complained about being thirsty, and they had water easily available to them, and you tell them to go get some of that water, and then they don't, and they continue to complain about being thirsty.
when people talk to each other, they never say what they mean. they say something else and you're expected to just know what they mean.
this body is older, but my residency in it is more recent.
gayest 7 year old i've ever seen
god dammit
i'm actually a pretty productive member of society all things considered
i'm just excited for joker's gameplay trailer
emptiness is the only truth of life
it was the weirdest thing ever
ignore dragonite he fuels bad habits
you can put meaning into it, if ya want, if you're into that kidna stuff.
whoa whoa, where's my invite?
trying things you haven't before is a good start.
i don't know
unfortunately it is
like not crash constan - oh wait it does that too
butt wasn't an option
i just have a copy of photoshop from 2007 that i keep reusing the install code for over and over
it doesnt support animated png though which sucks
but with less words
i mean  i have made some shit in premier like that edit i made that i sent to the meme chat
i quite liked pinnacle, but that was before i knew what true editing power was like
and i like typing words
it was crap
or at least i assume it was in like 2001
the movie maker template titles you used to use at the beginning of your nsmb were legendary
no but really when i was 14 and had no idea how people cut video together and opened up movie maker for the first time, it was literally magical
most of my problems were from me being stupid
and also it's honestly way more cutthroat at the bottom of the ladder (and the middle, and the top) and way less "hey let's have fun" now
same squid
you call me a dumbass
anything else i can explain for you, sweetheart?
i honestly think i'm just gonna shoot to do my weekly series idea and any let's playing i do will be a side project for fun
it's just not particularly my style to call somebody i find endearing a "dumbass" lol
oh, i know it's your style, thus why i didn't take it as a downright insult, lol
cause newsflash dumbass, be it one way or another, i like you, i don't call people i don't like dumbass
angela did plenty of playful banter with me that i was cool with.  the problem she struggled with was when i wasn't in the mood and she upset me, she took it personally.  / shrug
it just doesn't really work well on me
i can do playful banter to an extent, but if i'm not in the mood for it or not particularly prepared for it, i can read it the wrong way
i hope all of your depression is smited away
which is the perfect message for the new guy to see upon joing the server
welcome, have a baconator 🍔
if one's not in the mood, we just cool it and support instead
ahh yes
how are you today?
my personal issue with that
but let me post something in blackomen
~~cause i'm real good at sucking dick~~
i'm sure i could make myself hot
i count anything within one states distance "my area" with the exception of upstate new york
eyan very much rigidly defined everyone's perms on blackomen
but you know me
previews on
jesus
in more ways than one
pretty sure i'm the only one from new jersey
no but i've taught him all the memes so he could probably convince people that he is
i refuse to be upstaged by ninja bartender
hd supply can burn in hell
respectable
uh, not really
that's about the best way to put it.
he's probably got one of the less accented skyrim voices
where i live, we say yinz
i can hear him say the line in my head though, lol
oooh, you're from across the pond
five what
here
off to a real life ceilidh in a few minutes with an american friend
something something 52!
also from pennsylvania as it happens
although she still claims to have won the superbowl
i speak from a sports perspective
why do people not like philly again
pretty tame if you ask me
well
you weren't alive in 1994
status update grandma hates that the calculator i pulled up has trig functions and wants a more simple one
2010s: "we have too may features, get rid of something"
we live in a society
<:gwgoathinken:405753076432109573>
alright, but you have to feed me as well
but italian is probably safe
what kind of food do you like?
it's no secret i'm picky
i've cooked for many picky friends and partners
and i love spicy, but i'm good at preparing food so it's mild and goes well with variable hot sauces
or at least it is for me now
i had a friend who wouldn't eat anything with any form of tomato in it at all, and italian is my specialty
but that's the fun <:gwaobapepecry:395628671911854081>
we're not friends anymore
which one
good
actually that's not true once i made this thing with chicken that came out okay. what was it called? i have no idea. how did i make it? i have no idea.
because if you don't bake your pasta you can go to hell
lmao
<:gwoicfidgetthinker:390299944910848000>
historically people have needed far few reasons to do things than they have to not do things
a squid walks into a bar.
so the correct wording would be "a squid _squelches_ into a bar"
i don't know what i want to do right now
i never said i objected
uhhhhhhhh
otherwise it gets kinda illegal, lol
well i find your frequently retroactive tact entirely amusing and charming
and i find your vocabulary and sentence structure equally as charming
also furret are just under two meters long
sounds hot
just realized baro is probably in town
that's what a koffing is for
glaceon is best though
i liked rosalia but couldn't catch them because i had emerald, but then 4th gen happened and oh god did i love roserade
restore health in hail rather
of course, as a trainer, steel types are obviously my favorite
yeah, i only know the 4th gen meta, lol
it's starts to get muddled after what i listed off
i totally might not
to show you
ice body restore health in rain
he said jpg not jpeg
primarina's nice but rowlett can move its face independantly of its head
although i do reallly like milotic, easily in my top ten
perfect
i like mismagius more than honchcrow
i got distracted
more jpeg as ordered
it's probably an odd fetish of mine, but damn do wedding dresses get me going
purple things
i always liked weiss
and then i shall be in pittsburgh in 27 hours and we will be watching rwby
i just know that i'd supposedly love the scythe girl
spooky
i want one
qrow is better
does amazing rwby art
also
one sec
i also like this one
whats that
i was lied to
gladly
so even he doesn't know
define normal?
oh, i have a good folder system, don't worry
understandable
well, iris heart did
if we're posting art
not plutia
fit for posting
rainy why do you do this to me
look
i heard something about birdbox(?)
my art folder was out of sfw stuff anyways
last village is already gone
also, i didn't know i could get more attractive either
ironically the smash censorship was a blessing for less than sfw images of mythra
i mean yeah that too
there are other security measures
fukc
realmaster, i am hurt that you think that way of me
but that’s effort
i liked peach back in brawl, she was probably like, maybe my 4-5 that i'd occasionally play when i was bored of my mains
that's actually pretty cool
but gay
please if i'm stupid then that would make everyone else
even more dumb if i'm being honest
terraria is a game i really really really want to actually muddle through solo, but friends just make it a lot more fun
i just like this artist's style a lot
smug dead inside zelda is me
okay, but in game if mario doesn't touch a flag or axe every 500 seconds he dies
wanna bet rainy?
i don’t like rushing
or are you talking about smash?
and the 3d games where there's a timer
what im trying to say is theyre not the most rational of people
but people can "progress" like, 3 bosses worth of gameplay in an hour or two if they move quickly so if you decide to build a nice home, suddenly, you're playing catch up or just being gifted gear upgrades
we never said that he was rational with this
what is my corpse supposed to turn into a furret?
i'm gonna say it's short for babylon
i'll stream after i eat which is right now, bbl
if i'm to be a furret i better learn surf and headbutt
oh it's not you
maybe 12?
or be choked, i'm not picky
well still, either way agitation falls under that category
and no 9k, i prefer the latter, but it's all about the participlants
i should probably join stream but i'm listening to someone play jurassic park music on the french horn
why is my life so complicated
but french horns
i looked up the simpsons rating
wait why isnt eyan streaming?
shut up
before streaming
odd technique but ok
its okay theres more quality content to watch
babe
told you to stream
eyan
baby
lmfao
delet
for you rainy, i suppose i shall
stop
mr stark
delet you
or every fourth person in all four
wait
honestly getting kicked in the vagina is pretty painful <:gwgoathinken:405753076432109573>
so you can call me daddy?
this is a very complicated family tree
if candy gets to be thanos
that
scarlet witch
how did i do that
wait
cause she's a bad bitch
that parts important
can confirm; i fall asleep best around 4 pm
and she dies
!skram
is that like a handicap for "playing without normal metabolic process" or something
just go to the arctic circle
sounds like a terrible design decision
keep speaking like  tierzoo and im gonna flick your nose
food for thought
pretty sure living on your own is adopting yourself
actually just gonna start smacking your nose with a newspaper like a dog
higher damage but with some recoil if you're not wearing a glove
alright back to streaming
but fuck i'm cute when i put effort into how i look
tho buying the expansions after getting the base game doesn't extend that time
people keep telling me i should play ff14
your hotbars get overwhelmed
i was told
sigh
whalecum
boop
well then.
you're not wrong, i generally learned better off on my own, problem was, i'd just cream, lol
4 minutes into the new stephen & friends: gta online episode, and i'm already loving every second of it
luckily my school was all right with that but i wasn't gonna worry about it either way
i saw it earlier; it’s pretty good
listen mate thighs are god's gift to us and no one can convince me otherwise
~~do you have interest in cross dressing?~~
maybe google is mocking me
screw you too google
(╯°д°）╯︵ /(.□ . \\)
be like general grievous
follow his example.
y pose...
or it just looks cool
i would gladly take a subreddit full of cat gifs right now
going to take a wild guess that this is a "no"
sup bitches, your queen graces you with her presence
~~they are if you know they have a dick and you want them because of that~~
no like server powers, just like, people, and deleting them
humor him
case in point.
go for it.  😛
who needs deleting?
ah yea, i think you'll be just fine though man youre friggin draco
and yea i can def relate. i mean im not in full on college, im only taking one course but it's intimidating as all hell
sounds good
look at you nerd and your...job. <:kappa:374346980136058893>
mine are 8 weeks instead of 15 for examples.
true that
which is totally fine by me
hmm.
anxiety or something?
welcome
probably, draco
i will end the world
you have my word
fight fight fight
well now you're just being picky
gotta negotiate a place then too
way to stay optimistic
10 paces, not ten steps
and much as i want to die, i live to please
relatable
10 paces
preach
terraria
why tf
i puke it up shortly after
beef is gross
candy do you own terraria?
rainy you home?
hmmm
no rainy
nobody is fucking hillary
they fucked a politician on twitch even though they get mad at cursing?
i need to make food
but what do i make
help
burg
i really need to get majoras mask 3d
hill[]
if you don't kill/die looking good, what's the point.
depends on what would be on the burger but likely burger
i miss her
this lesson doesnt look that long and it looks super interesting
if my view of the course is correct i'll be nearly 2 - 3 chapters ahead
is there like a clean version or something that seems like it would be a common kind of survey to make
also hai draco and xeon
they have most of high rock in it and it's pretty likely that that's where es6 is taking place
i've been having a lot of fun with lucas
pk flash/freeze - freeze looks cooler
pk thunder - lucas's goes through people
can't really say for 4, because i didn't get the dlc for that one
top 10 photos taken seconds before disaster
psi magnet - the one ability that i actually prefer on ness
uh ok
that won't help
does it ever strike you how odd the naming of final fantasy x-2 is
pk fire - knockback on lucas, wall of fire on ness. personally prefer the knockback
nope
final fantasy 100
i can confirm this
super mario land 2 comes after super mario bros 3
what does that even mean
god fucking bless
bloodthirster also has +3 to both attack and damage rolls
+9 to hit +11 to damage is still really good
what the hell are these queue times
somecallmejohnny finally noticed me
i enjoy speedruns, particularly the mario and zelda ones
it was never my intent to deceive
so, rainy's evil, and she doesn't have laziness holding us back
but gluttony counters pride, and sloth counters avarice, and those two sins are me summed up, so i've no time for the others
lol, literally just saw that tweet
a lot of people we hate are the people we realize we have stuff in common with
(you remember kevin, right drago?)
the latter
night my dude, gl hf don't die
everyone deserves a good night
you go outside and have a wonderful day this instant young man
y'all ever just stay up till 1 30 am and imagine yourself in a fantasy setting
you beautiful person you
yea you'd want that huh
i wish you would talk here more because i like having you around
shoe's on the other foot now huh?
i just like palutena
i've found this discourse immensely nice if we're gonna go there
look it's almost 1:30 in the morning go compliment someone else
looks cool
will do
i should also head to bed
~~kingofskarmory.~~
i keep thinking about my weekly series idea, i really want to do it, lol
pretty much
work isn't really supposed to be fun, lol
yeah but- dammit
lmaooo
i won't be dying for the next several thousand years, so i would prefer to spend less of it feeling lonely.
also good morning darling, and the rest of you lot
eh, details
i always feel like i scare people off when i'm here
time to play skyrim... when i get home...
technically yes, but if you just want to send me something to listen to, no
have you tried mountains?
bring a laptop with you for low work days or when it's snowing
also, we're not understaffed, we just value actually working at work, sort of
out of curiosity pm
i like how dragonite says nothing about the 3ds in that photo
he is still sitting there
i mean, don't get me wrong, she, is hot
yup, gen 5 is best
wait a minute i can just slap him in the face and be satisfied with that
eh w/e
sure
ok i have a better solution
okay, but look her up on the internet
but the generation as a whole
cats are the solution
nvm, you're good then
that too
cats
it was an honest question
they should have made cynthia playable in dppt then gen 4 would have been objectively the best
currently replaying the original version of bowser's inside story
my kitty, ryu
guns? are you playing the mtg version?
3 if you count the stray that collette looked after for a while, but it wasn't her cat by any means
eyan dont _all_ of your exes have cats
yup 😁
katia, max
good point
i literally have a curtain of the things cascading down from a hook on my closet door
wisdom teeth are great
buy a new webcam: not working
i have to disagree that gluttony should be lower since i rarely eat
im not gonna bother getting it removed
ouch, literally
imoutos are sisters, dragonite.
everything is ouch and the getting rid of the ouch makes other things ouch harder
i’ve never been in a relationship
yeah pimaster
neither have i
i need serious professional help.
same
in regards to why my lust is low, its because i only really use sex for jokes
too ba
it doesn't _currently_ have oil you mean
master is the last one i would have expected to delete that
<:kappa:374346980136058893>
i cant read
if you're more north though, yeah, you're probably fucked, lol
skarm you live on a desktop in new jersey
woah there skarm
doubleplusungood
you should get that checked out
fool
break out the ddr.
i mean so do i
i want to record a thing before i go to class and get lost but i dont feel like it
i win
but not as much trouble as me
you hosted through imgur, i win
ill take care of it
or do you
couldve sworn it was supposed to today
demon lord or me?
i win
nevermind
would you like a cookie?
if i did, i'd give myself cash fuckin money <:lul:528108303939665920>
i should totally flex now and take a picture while being in boots and uts to show how great statureous i am
you look like a man of great stature
and i dont actually have class today
"wait panda is a guy"
new word
i have a mudkip and turtwig somewhere
<:rooaww:530069696058228754>
<:roopog:442070287769403402>
fucking weeb
and i also shoved caltrops in my rifles and shot it at some teleporting invisible tentacle cats
sinner
when did i become such a bitch
rainy it rained here last night, the rain froze the ground solid, then it snowed on top of that, and i got to drive home like that
"almost died so much fun"
password is gay
i explained a physics problem in physics class like bob ross would and it made my physics teacher very happy
what better time is there to join than the middle of a card game
can't i'm still listening to nier
does thinking traps are really really cute count as edgy
aww i'm out of cajun fries
"traplover69420xx" wonder who that could be? /s
that one was a bit real
would they?
gj kugal
i cant click on anything
three titles in one, three like to dislike ratios in one
sorry about that, drago
alright
shotgun knees
that's it for me, i think
does anyone know how long this meme has been alive? i'm pretty sure the installer said that when i first started using it in _2011_
good job
i have class in two hours but should probably leave now because traffic
and you didn't invite me?
no i need to have 3 wisdom taken out with two of them being fully impacted and the other being partial erupted and it makes me wanna die and then my eye surgery
<:doit:334014889137930240>
i'll go to war with it
its a win win
funny meme
is that innuendo
i'm sorry, is this the part where i should be laughing in amusement?
hey did yall know that japanese honeybees kill hornets by enclosing them in a ball of bees and vibrating at a frequency so fast that it cooks the hornet to 115f/42c?
i knew that some bees did that but not japanese honeybees exclusively
wait it is?
courtesy of theodd1sout lmao
yeah, actually. probably from either wikipedia or watchmojo
yes i saw it
must be puffy and comfy
but it's a pillow
pasta
it's not that bad honestly
the one i work at at least isn't that bad
and somehow the computer locked up and voided the whole thing
skarm has this way of being oddly relevant to the conversation
2 shots 1 cavity filled and 0 exams, fun day
five
there we go
or threaten it with invasion
nice
its like, revealed in the prologue
do you really have to be at the work party though?
sounds like it
ok i know the first 6 weeks but thats still pretty damn good by my standards
civil engineering is a hellhole like no other
if they think the software is too slow on the currently existing machines
i'd pick the bible on that one
demon is that special type of normal where he's 'normal' with a bit of 'weird' but not too weird and must be protected at all costs
bella you need to be less normal
but raptors
i'm normal <:gwahreeweebrage:370265985787101187>
likes cats is normal, college is almost too normal, going out on weekends is normal, having a shit job to pay for college is normal
it's gir
but on the bright side it's way cooler and moreinteresting
they're called body pillows and you can get them at your nearest target, magestic
people in school
truss calculations are mega gay
panda what the crap is that in your icon
i feel like some people here need some dopamine.
that's so much better
wanna know the first thing yoou should say when you arrive in hell and meet the guy in charge?
especially when he breaks out into song and dance
then retarded sally chimed in and said this amazing fact "of course you have, it happened 11 years ago"
wouldnt any toast she had there be french toast though?
i want some french toast
.... french toast sounds nice
hey some of my nerdiness alreafy rubbed off on you! lets keep it goin
why the crap am i awake
ouch, that sucks
and i'm oddly rested and awake right now
that's not _their_ fault!
there’s a lot of people around here who are 6 feet tall and around 5 feet tall with not much in between
look, i wish i was created smarter, sexier, and maybe another inch or two taller, but i wasn't
that would be dope...amine
yeah, blow me
i should sleep
<:kappapride:379352530863521792>
are you sure it's not co?
with my dying breath i cut the rope and exclaim "y'all fucking heathens gonna die in shame"
i object on the basis of context
feels a little ironic that this is the first major piece of news related prime 4 after the reveal from e3
nice
get in a maid outfit, and wash the dishes
pleasure doing business with you
shoot a guy 5 times, does 135 damage, shoots me once while i have lvl 3 armor and does 175 damage
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  aaaaaaaa a aaaaa aa
insightful?
your boy is content with life
i had a pre-op for lasik or prk
and how do you think i set this up?
sounds about right
i have sheets for mobile installed and it's about as fun as poking myself in the eye with a nuclear bomb that's in the middle of detonating
how big are they compressed (as xlsx)?
all the pages are in one xlsx
were you just trying to break sheets or something
although they should've honestly just gave it to retro in the first place
what if....
let him be excited for new things
the extracted folder is 25.8 mb
yeah
paaaahh
step 1: throw it at a wall
again. and again.
can someone eli5 what the big deal about 4/8k resolution is
theres so many pixels that you cant see any one pixel
winter, can you please stop dumping snow on me?
is that the diablo thing
please...
candy, are you a catboy?
i'll take that as a yes
you get to do actual fun things.
-test-
i forgot
holy crap that's a nice build
its from reddit
well i fucked that one up
anything*
nice
the laser gun thing was admittedly kind of cool
i recently started playing botw and i rememberd my old love for oot
then from there i found the current twitch
and i did it by sweeping wallace with a weezing.
excuse me what
press f to slap you with a fish
grace hopper, tim sweeny and dennis ritchie are probably next
nobody knows what a pokemon is squid, you made it up
yeah
if so it should be spelled "pogey"
it is indeed nice, you dont have to shovel
go giratina
abandon ship and the degree
alternatively you dont have the drive to actually get shit done of in class deadlines
for me it depends ont he subject
i need to do hands on brain surgery/analysis
eyan you're awesome
it used webassign which i was scared at first because i've heard bad things about webassign, but it wasnt bad actually, and it accepted all of my answers perfectly which is nice
~~it is?~~
epic
welp, time to wait 6 hours for my game to update, i think the cold might somehow be affecting my internet
discussion posts that is
blame english, not me
this is relevant
deathly cold today, supposed to be in the 20s to 40s for the rest of the week. yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
good job
math lol
oooh i wanna join
maybe you, skarm?
look, eyan
well yes, if i wanted to just kill
i prefer the shorter and thinner ones for that
precisely candy
and only now just realized that i can buy art books
insubordination!
i'd say that's about 1.35 cats for the price of one
well not entirely but i'd only bought like five of them mostly out of boredom but still
that is entirely correct
i've got a new pet peeve
when anyone from my school asks me shit like "so what did we do this week in english?" because they skipped every class
january 29
at least in chemistry,
the only walkthroughs i havent watched
let's make a correction, i did go in 2017, he just didn't see me there, lol
you were at thrown controllers in 2018 though right? that means there was at least one point where i was at most 150 feet away from you and didnt see you
i missed 2017
i was invited to the phi theta kappa society at my cc today and i know little to nothing about it but apparently it's becausse of all the maths i've done
well math, not kugal
what would i be reincarnated as
i could google it
i could also not google it
don't worry, he'll be going to the next one
im such a proud parent
they basically just offer and encourage scholarships for the most part
plus im young and i think they have like an age limit on it probably
ehhhhhhhhhhh
i should probably go shower, later folks
have fun
whenever i tell my friend im about to shower he says "stay safe, be smart, have fun, keep your eyes on the prize" and that is just too underrated
don't worry i just made a terrible joke
say godnight, skarm
being a 2000s kid has it perks xd
maybe he's saying you go out and put your computer down
night night skarm
or dont
but then how would we get memes like 5 / 3 * 3 != 5
uhhh
i guess not
they use dialog thats a little different and change the visuals so they arent spoilery
at worlds end
i was watching the super bowl just like 99.9% of humanity,
im so out of the loop on avengers
>watching superbowl like 99.9% of humanity
by the way rc im 50+ hours into xenoblade and figured out what chain attacks do
something like that
well theres 7 billion people
everyone always knew that
the fridge likes the d? <:kappapride:379352530863521792>
i don’t think so
so then 30 of .3 is like .09 which might as well be .1
kugal why is there a d in fridge but no d in refrigerator
just be sure to keep pace with your physics courses too
nice
~~no, the individual. you d-nglehead~~
if i decide not to take diff. equations and calc 3 at the same time, which should i take first
not at this cc
in a way, diff. equations is *kinda* a calc 4? except not really
then sometime after that is like trig-sub and partial fractions which i spent my whole winter break practicing so im not too worried on my performance on that
parametric derivatives were simple enough, but something tells me parametric integration is gonna get messy
exactly
momentum, that shit was fun
your weeks 1 and 2 are what we're doing right now
so i spent like 2 whole pages explaining everything in detail and showed every goddamn step
why am i not surprised at the result of the game?
actually most of them were kind of meh
i understand sportsball now
theyre not as bad as like english or something but like it's not code
i've never had beef dumplings *kugal said, surprising no one*
<:doit:334014889137930240>
also, without listening to what i linked, i'm strongly guessing it to be based on either "a soul as red as a ground cherry" or "apparitions stalk the night"
those two songs are two of my more favorite touhou songs, that's why i know them and a lot of their remixes well.  probably just cause of nostalgia since that was more or less how i started playing touhou
for me, it's "mystic dream ~ snow or cherry petal" and "paradise ~ deep mountain".  thanks to you even.
ive been living and dreaming about xenoblade for the last six days
my calc ii grade is at 105% so im like in heaven
impressive
well, i was talking more on the lines of mario 3.
and i haven't even gotten to ice world yet as well
maybe if i see an extra on the store shelves in the future, i'll get it and subsequently mod it to add tetris attack and more.
drawing
i want something.
okay, somehow managed to get almost 13 seconds against piston hurricane on super punch-out
music or drawing?
and yeah, the fan community is insane in what it has produced.
she'll be okay with it
well a 30lb clock will do that to it
bad news is my files might be fucked and so ill be completely left in the dust for school work/progress
i much more prefer it to be colder
you should let it fall from a great height and clock you on the head
while i get a new computer im using a computer connected to a huge 4k tv as the monitor
get yo shit together
i love how last week nc was 12 degrees and freezing rain and now 85 and sunny
that's my point
heelies do sound like a huge liability in a military situation
what is that?
oh wait that's not what i said
last september ended a long time ago ida
~~pinning the blame on drago, are we~~
i don't know what age these girls are supp - wait
that was an interesting conversation 😂
it appears not.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
haha, sure, but after this one xd
even if they'll probably need a bit of help to sustain it
king dipshit
i'm starting to wonder if literally having a cheaper cpu than my mom's computer might be a bad idea
idk acts are ass anyways
i enjoy the way my computer basically locks up when i'm trying to do things like export a video
i just asked and my homeroom teacher said that wasnt true
exactly skarm
hmmm
i'm always here...always watching o.o
greetings, eyan.
never mind
i don't think i'm making that deadline
it'd just be trollier on april fools because nobody will believe it, lol
but i had to have too much "delay" between the trailer and return
never mind, stream is cancelled
eyan if you don't stream on friday, i will cry.
the hard part is getting started, and staying started, if i get past that bump, i'll be rolling
okay
he wouldn't even cuddle me last night, the heartless bastard.
usually
sadly
emotions are annoying
you just want to enjoy the meal
so, a squid can have more <:kappa:374346980136058893>
same
i don't feel functional though
i think coffee is the only reason i’m not useless right now.
my typical sleep seems to be 13 hours
i’ve got a class coming up where my prof is just nonstop talking at us... so u don’t know how that’ll go
does anyone know if there's a beverage that will give me an irresistible desire to do my homework
i could get away with it though, because again, good at self-study
you aren't wrong, but there's this thing called your "degree" that is important to show off
i never really felt compelled to go on the internet during class, despite the fact that most of them so far have been in computer labs
kind of like drinking  😛
unless it’s one of those rare classes, people just zone out
at this point, i'm probably better off just having some fun with a fresh start and if it doesn't go anywhere, at least i can say i gave it one last try
what’s outdoors?
some of us have weird hobbies okay
yeah i guess
or i could be wasting time on discord
my favorite google translate tip has to be switching the language 50 umpteen million times before switching it to english
i mean
hmmm
what if instead of eyan having the bob ross mod or learning how to do it himself, he got a sound board which he could use for every single bob ross phrase and word for the videos
that sounds like what your graduating project would be
although it'd be ironic if uninstalling reinstalling it worked
i'm here to learn not fuck up my internals more than my computer already does
master was mostly wrath sloth and pride
yeah me too
i'm going to take all that youve done and make it as spaghetti as possible
that's less fun though
oh right i should do that
it's not that hard in sinnoh tbh
mom discovered cat videos today
just like life
is that your celebration for cracking three thousand lines of spaghetti skarm
ok then
does it only work for you and rainy because if it's anything like the back counter it's probably going to get trolled
e!drink
everyone else can do e!drink
e!drink
my new favorite file extension
pretty sure strings are truthy as are positive integers so it would just return true anyway
e!drink1
skarm bugger off
at least you seem to be somewhat trying
anyways, that's just what i can think of off the top of my head without watching the video
yeah i was gonna mention that
for example, i found the gap i mentioned is just boring, even with one team flare battle
a lot of the gap between 6 and 7 is just traversing the snow routes and fighting two fights with the commanders that really should've been separated more
i feel like i could put out a part to an lp each day off or days where i don’t work until late afternoon, but i’m lazy and i like not doing work on days off. so...
i enjoy just working my way through the game working on the pokedex and having a cool team
2 of my pokemon are 4x weak to ice and one of em is 2x weak
in my playthroughs i always like using the same pokémon as the rival character
most creative i've been able to get is teaching thunderpunch and thunder fang to my gallade and gliscor respectively
exp share plus anything that can learn fire type moves
eyan you can also be the biggest les - there is no way for me to salvage this sentence is there
actually i've got nothing
only cowards aren't lesbians.
thank you mr burnham
having self respect is for losers
i'm a guy who likes girls does that count or am i a coward too
hahahahahahahaha no
ok but have you tried exoblade?
reasons to marry me. gym membership, free medical, free dental, free life insurance, free house
how long has it been since surgery?
do your eyes feel like that?
none of those are cats
"if you want a grass team, start by considering your horrible life choices"
im amazed that people still play or plan to play plat
no clue
d/p then
they were both at the same levels in diamond and pearl, right?
yeah. although, i just battled koga and his team in yellow was really fucking stupid
meylene's lucario was 32
but you can do 5-7 in any order
3 venonat and 1 venomoth
and for some reason pryce's pokemon are lower level than jasmine's
that's with clair
where the hell did you catch an electabuzz
also, i remember being far higher leveled than that
lemme check real quick
i wish i still had my pokewalker
actually, that's a lie
still wish i had one.
greetings.
what's up gamers
why not just be alloy then?
i at least assume they want you to at least be in your late 30s given the fact that clair's kingdra is level 41
the x is silent
that sounds like an organization xiii name or something.
yeah, that's the name of the secret-secret fifteenth member of the organization
i thought i shared this important piece of culture already, huh
if there's an x in their name that is pronounced, they're part of the organization
not to be confused with xxx the rating, or xxx, vin diesel's popular action hero character.
i accidentally put
and that's no. xvi, who's also their janitor
someone help i'm cold and borex
somehow i read that as "i'm cold and a board"
didn't he get arrested for a dui
i'm sure you all have some very interesting theories about that
youtube keeps showing adds for apps that look like softcore hentai games or something. and they say they’re trying to make the website more family friendly...
it's snowing but at the same time sunny
it's probably going to be my 2019 goty since i don't think pokemon can impress me at all compared to this xd
good choice
in other news i can now say i'm fly bi and ready to die
my favorite game is a 3 way tie between chrono trigger, xenoblade, and pokemon gen 4
fuckin cute ass traps.
well pretty sure you can beat it with your fists
diamond is slightly more nostalgic to me, since it was the first pokémon game i beat. but i can’t play it over platinum, with how slow it is
yo 9k, lemme get a "this close to greatness"
every issue i've had with it aside from pacing issues that plague every pokemon game can be fixed by just developing it on better hardware
being ~~sick as~~ an adult sucks
yeah
btw i'm alive
my favorite part about that is that it comes up immediately if you google anime galatians 4 16
congrats
the question is do i want to do school over the summer again
what about what i may say
i get death
partly that, and also ocd is really starting to hate me for not winning the 100cc cups.
that was fun
if you feel like doing more with this, maybe increase the one handed skill of known owners of the books
having a stable economy

sleep
i'm allergic to that particular variety of not-dragon
good pin
rainy you are under arrest for masterhackering without a license
i object orient
farcry new dawn let's me have a cybernetic arm, game of the year
so there's a bunch of pcmr people who inhabit the computer lab and theyve been getting progressively noisier and i finally complained about them to the tech support desk
that means not rolling math.random() >.5 ) for each person in the population at once but rather exponentially doing so for each species from the point of origin
thats dumb
unrelated but managing the main branch of git seems slightly wrong at times
huh so your math wasnt wrong
fortunately he doesn't use them too much.
uhhh
>twice
i need somebody to explain 39 degree snow to me
ida why are you still awake
grade average
that's how i ended up with a 106 in precalculus the one semester they rounded my grade down to 100
and i did it in like two days because i don't have anything to do
old indeed.
aqua the picture says platinum not heartgold
didn't know stanley was part of this server
does it have a recurring reminder feature?
what about soulsilver drago
except for the part where it was rounded down
i see
yo candy
is this the birth of a meme?
i am looking at the memes
i have no idea when i beat chrono trigger btw
all my friends do, though.
nothing wrong with being envious, as i am generally envious of all of you guys.  i feel like an old man now, lol
~~can you tell i’m a little bit envious lmao~~
don't get me wrong demon_lord, honestly, being an adult is nice
most of my stress i put on myself.  it comes from a place of thinking i should be something more than i currently am.
nah that's understandable
i have that
i don't think i ever really "had it together" but it at least felt like it back in high school and early college, lol
the part ic ant wait to enjoy as an adult is the not talkign to people you dont wanna talk to part
in terms of family though you're right kugal, and trust me, i know a thing or two about that
guys wanna hear a funny story
you set your expectations of us just a wee bit too high
again, probably
at this point i'll need meth to do more math
this week im gonna join phi theta <:kappa:374346980136058893> wish me luck
i'm going to try to stream a bit this week, i'm currently eyeing up tomorrow
i've gotten really hung up on the question of "to rebrand or not to rebrand" again when it comes to youtube.
i'd say that's still a succes.
good
no way he's giving these puns a rest anytime soon
i don't know
i feel like pain should be quadratic but momentum is usually used for interactions between bodies
or something
<:seemsgood:488173895246151680>
i feel like that would be force
i did bomb my calc midterm, i know the feeling.  😛
then a week later i got the grade and saw i got 97% and i was probably the happiest i've been since ever
eyan are you making fun of me
i never plan to be some hardcore body builder, but just some light exercises here and there are better than nothing
muscle tone is just refining what's there, not actually gaining more.
we've been doign it since 1/7/19 and im at 1663 pushups total
draco, my friend, funny of you to think i have any muscle, lol
yeah, i agree, and there's too many little things i haven't done for far too long
it's the little things, they make a lot of difference
what kind of hw
we all think our buds can do awesome shit but we think we're mediocre
get back to work. 😛
i have a bad feeling about this
greetings, aloix.
and now no one’s here
good luck friend
have fun
nah i went with the brad bread pun
wow same what a coincidence
that is alot of potatoes 👀 🥔
not sure what those are.
red mage can be seen as a mix of black mage and white mage but also has it's own unique mechanics.
the gauges fill by casting spells associated with black and white mage respectively.
twin vipers
it actually is the one with the rapier tho
given that i never use gil, neat.
rainy is more keen on warframe and it's obviously 9ks bread and butter so i feel like it doesn't make sense for me to switch games when i primarily use online games to be social
i know the feeling all too well.
i play on jenova in the aether data center for example.
i'm with the maelstrom btw
xiv is an mmorpg, eyan. 😛
~~so sorry~~
~~rightfully so~~
~~thanks friends~~
pretty sure i play on behemoth
though we can't all pine for goth gfs
some of us must be the goth gfs
you didn't even give me a chance to respond
because all men are like that, so i figured if i'd date a man it should probably be my favourite one.
that’s actually a nice way to put it
e!drink 1
look, you don't have to be around me, lol
bite me
you knew what you were getting into
peace with oblivion
is it though?
we need to refractor the code then
rude
have you ever stopped to watch a bluebird drop from a tree and take to the air?
ida remind me where is it that you live
~~wait, i already am one~~ <:kappa:374346980136058893>
good job
that sounds like a bionicle or yugioh thing
shooting the apple of the head?
yeah i want my butthole to suffer when i poop later
will you kill me afterwards?
it really pissed me off tbh
but i hold the apple in my mouth
if you want
again
welcome
rare or mr
red meat is amazing for the soul
like sucking?
yeah but anyway...
indeed it did, my youtube stuff hasn't gone as planned so i want to hop back into streaming while i continue to pull myself together.
personally, i prefer medium well
🤔 hmmmmm
i mean
oh yeah, isn't that fangame called flames of eternity?
cynthia is hot *and* cool
steven is second best
anyways i take it you're subbed to the temple of mythra
hey :( i'm an adult :(
look
yes but he collects rocks
it's fun to say
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
i'm going to be 25 next month
wait actually
i hear it works great
it won't allow me to update or uninstall anything.
brb making one of these
takes one to know one
xkcd and singing
who the hell is argo
replacing aids with depression is new to me tho
aqua i answered b for all of them except for the one my mouse slipped and hit c on and i think that was the only one i got right
i consider a 4 on demon lords a win.  😛
who are you
ida's is the only one i scored higher than a 4 on, out of like 8 or 9 quizzes total
i made one a little bit ago, mine should actually be semi-reasonable to do okay on.  😛
there's really only two questions that are total crap shoots, the rest of them should be feasibly answerable questions.  the first and last being crap shoots unless you're a really really old school fan of mine
i don’t know eyan as well as i thought i did
i figured "chrono trigger, zeal, makes sense
thanks eyan lol
got a 6 on “mr spam”
i can't believe how everyone is picking the same answer on the ssseven question.  i can't tell if that means you all  recognize the other 6 names and not the one or if it's mere coincidence
everybody i looked at picked the same person on the ssseven question
mine were actually fair but tricky
they're all real people btw
the guy that everybody is answering was probably the only real artist i ever had who helped me out long term.  😛
probably cause we recognize the others
that's
you have more confidence than i, but i appreciate it.  😛
he got one of his own questions wrong
good job kugal
you are my best friends
doesn't surprise i'd fall for the bait lmao
it's not a good website, lol
ok i don’t know you but i’m 102% sure that you’re not an idiot 😂
you'd be surprised
so none of the above is correct?
at least i remembered that
btw, welcome aura, lol
i think i actually selected that
nothing to worry about
well i’m sure my intelligence is below average
why did my brain start playing the star wars theme when superman was mentioned
though i might just be below average and stupid so
i took a quiz here by accident once
sounds lovely.
thanks auto-correct
inventory was 8:30
well, i woke up at 5.  😛
shocker, i know
debatable
peace
wow thanks
this is an interesting bot
wait
i birthed him by javascript and then irradiated hkm with the inanity of discord chat and he's spent most of the last two years geting revenge on me
wow rood
it looks like i slept through an interesting conversation
~~well if the icon comment was directed at me, thank you, if not, i am a confirmed idiot~~
as i can see
so does it just respond whenever you mention it’s name?
and skarm is probably the most interesting robot i’ve seen
about 8k in total
and violent
perfect.
i mean, naturally, the bot takes most of it's lines from things people say here
he's attached to the ceiling
i can't believe that worked
like
judging by the amount of active support it has nowadays
one person got this right
so apparently there was a bsod during today's thrown controllers, and
wack.
meme
sister: dos? is that punch cards?
i think
hmm i have this paper i have to write for homework
as for him actually crying during an lp, he did at one part in yakuza 0 and one part of the danganronpa 3 anime
somebody pour one out for me
very carefully
boiii
<:lul:528108303939665920>
sister: "if you could be a bug, what kind of bug would you be?"
that's what i'd be
i like how quickly you had an answer to that
and it an probably survive whatever life throws at it
<:surprised_ghost:492379339032363018>
forewarning
ty ty nice to meet you too
welcome!
what happens if you’re already dead though
death: the sequel
looks like you're doing it
oh yeah that’s right
sounds fun
welp
(－‸ლ)
he only responds to phrases with four or more words, and there's like a ten second cooldown
interesting
when in doubt, use reverse psychology
wow rude
i’ll be over in a bit
i'm gonna need a fresh pair of chopsticks cause these ones are used now
idk about ivs
true
super training gives more direct control.
yeahhhhhh id much rather shoot balloons than wait
something always has to break the chain for me before i can even get into shiny encounter territory
how is that fun exactly?
sounds like a design flaw
from now on i'm calling morgana's w spooky dirt
henlo people’s or cactuses or whatever you identify as
all my mods are "do you hate yourself? play this!"
for the age of agression is just about done
on the day of your death we will call it a feature
on the day that npm finally breaks we'll drink and we'll sing
but in truth it's been there all along
absorb the words that way
i'm thinking of walking out the door and being a hermit on a mountain somewhere
i also sat around yesterday thinking of how i didn't want to do my taxes.  then i finally did them late at night and the whole day was wasted
yeah, spent on investments
isn't that just paying other people to use your money and then giving you some back as thanks once they're successful?
i don't like super hero movies
and.
recommended
the thing
well fuck. guess i stand corrected after all
lmao
i can blame whatever i want for my code not working
skarm that's inappropraite
don't blame me for your code not working
you shouldn't put your keyboard all the way down there because youll have to reach down for it but that's an easy fix, 9/10 overall
so how exactly did nintendo leak something from their own game again?
is that the actual script
i don’t remember the reading rainbow song
that's still like seven more people than there should be
it's the average value of how pissed dragonite is when the pcmr people are in the computer lab
yesterday evening
finally bothered to finish
i thought rainy is best ass
sithis does not accept such as valid payment
rainy i need you to take care of my bot for me
i just like to see the world burn
they think they're too good for lists
im this tempted to pull up a khan academy practice quiz now because of you
my hand is dead and my brain has short circuited
why did nobody tell me i would've done this so much sooner
twitter just gave me an ad that said, in essence, "not smoking is gay, gay is good, don't smoke, be gay" and it's honestly an impressive level of targetted advertisement
he's pretty enthusiastic about it while a lot of other people that i see are cynical about it and see it as something to deal with
me at 13: woah dragons
me at 18: woah dragons
not when yorue allergic to them
i feel betrayed ida
yet the store was normal sized
i also had a dream where i was going to the beach except i was riding down the parkway on a bicycle which also happened to be flying
oh my god
how interesting

me now: woah cats
that's a very pretty diagnostic message which i would totally remove from the channel the normal message is sent in except i think it's funny when people question it
that policy would've made freshman year move along a lot faster
not enough
not enough
aa is life
we live in a walmart?
our target is really nice
to make them even better theres a five guys across the parking lot from mine, so that gives me an excuse to go there too whenever we need dog food or toilet paper or bananas or whatever
smithed for the first time today!
skarm how you feeling
nice
~~who the hell tells master their last name~~
e!xkcd
ah ok thx
because i’ve invested hours into it and now i’m training it to level 100
it's actually releasing tomorrow?
i was beginning to wonder if would be out this month
yes, i literally did in my playthrough with eyan
i’ve always wanted a scizor
ahh yes, mega "the testers gave up on me so badly that i ended up getting kicked out of the dumpster fire tier" rayquaza
116-290 base power
i love this monster
the monster i love happens to be luxray despite a shallow movepool and breeding necessity in order to get ice fang
guts facade on swellow is the only competitive move i need, change my mind
always thank the baker
bread has carbs
i would marry bread.
i drinks oil straight from the alaskan pipeline
fucking yankees
i have pizza and tonight is the last night we can have em
if that isn’t already a thing
i want em
kugal how the crap do you just leave four whole slices of pizza
i'll tell yea how
my dad has some slices too
tonight i have 2
i 100% agree
flourishing?
at least i'm not suffering alone
yeehaw, time for two and a half hours of suffering
when does one desire to be disturbed
welp
i have yet to be consistently active here so i may never know
wow now if only that was the case with school
i think the most expensive we’ve gotten is $3.99
i wonder if i can get eyan to buy me one
should have done electric scooters
to be fair its not a class you try hard in anyway
e!google bicycle prices
but regardless, you get an
i'll patch at least
i am
flamethrower
i’m the most hatable person i know
i hate white people
welp-
boy wait until you hear about me
i want to die
i see no issues here
feck-
until armageddon/
whos in charge of the others?
all are valid catastrophes, all seen over by some uhh, friends of mine
feck
well it'll be the cessation of cardiovascular functions for my scenario
just like
about primal groudon’s desolate land ability
oh i will be flooding the earth
the moniker rainy is not a hollow one
its becoming an undying jello that is part of a collective conscience
i'm out of tables to flip, do you have any i can borrow?
i mean, i have a god complex
meanwhile i’m limited to just that
i use the maruchan noodles but never their seasoning, i do that myself
just don't remember that you can't cook
no its lesbian
the integral question
if i like a guy
that's pretty gay
but it's the gay club
honestly, i don't know the acronym
that’s gay
that’s gay
rainy is dating sneaky?
you’re like
same
ida's gay?
photosynthesis is hot
like the barista that asked me to dinner the other day, and i just said "i don't eat dinner"
i genuinely don't eat dinner though, so like
i eat whenever i feel like it
unlike literally all the other peoples
kinda a shame, big or small, men like boobs, but guys don't have any features like that that men just like
liek if u cri everytiem
dude
actually yes i do
...such beautiful words
you're like an imperial inquisitor 9k
i say that yet i refuse to put on muscle by doing push ups and other stuff
well i’m bone dry
we can do that too
salutations
just got to the hiatus from the hectics of prep for exam week
i'll do it tomorrow
eyan has multiple birthdays, didn't you know?
i'm gonna go buy hi m a gift, just in case
don't think you can
but can't find it
no i mean
thanks that's now burned into my rain
thank
the only thing of my own that i pinned was the time i was yelling at people for being dicks to each other, all of my other bad ideas were actually master's bad ideas
e!pins
sorry if i'm mistaken, but wasnt a youtube return scheduled for early april?
it's oaky ida
my thought process on rebranding is, i'm older, different, and want a fresh start.  there's also no point in me returning to youtube, not enjoying myself, and then burning out in a month.
i decided to put a little more time into getting my life together but youtube is still a definite goal of mine.  i told myself april originally just to try to push myself as a motivator but i always new it was going to be later than that.
cool
eyan i didnt know today was opposite day
i was reminded that joke exists yesterday
and i just call him bby or dumbass
your personal favourites as in games?
if anyone else calls him dumbass, i am allowed to kill them tho
wasn't your latest review of that bingo gba game?
eyan aren't you still at work?
~~we need a new video of that bingo game~~
my name is very cryptic.
as do i, it's a lot easier to push a rolling stone
they’re singing a skyrim song
damn i dont understand any of these references
someone politely asked eyan about youtube
what did i miss?
was it singing or shouting, mr. spam?
cause i can do like three shots before my taste buds say no, or i could do an infinite number of shots in cocktails
this means i am all set to be an alcoholic again
and i'm not gonna be able to cosplay lady if i am drinking sprite with... calories, eugh
o no
~~happy 4/20 day~~
greetings, ida.
and decently long hair
not to mention i’ve gotten them twice
no, not yet. if they did, they might as well make fang moves for the other types
to be fair if it can eat it can bite you so everything short of some electric shit like magnemite should be able to
god tier fang move
dragon fang, not to be confused with the actual held item
plus stab
plus flinch
because
and when **marked as duplicate** beckons every one of us dies
not sure
looks like a fun set though
he wants the wig to die
trebuchet launching dr bright with a chainsaw
i’ve never actually competitively battled in my life so yeah according to the interwebs i’m making a mistake here but hey, luxray is my favorite
answer is in character. i expect nothing less
probably it isn’t good in terms of others out there that you could use but it’s a unique one. i think it’d be more fun than the generic stuff
i want to die
yeah, now i’m pretty sure with the right supporting cast, it could hold its own really well
once you’ve read at least 10 entries (recommendation to start with the ones i listed) you can have a go at scp-001
wow there is a whole lot going on
i like that there’s all redacted stuff
yeah but sometimes it is an excuse for lazy writing
okay after like 32 minutes i got one with a jolly nature. would an adamant or jolly luxray be better?
the time wee burn in the name of pokémon
but i suppose the "people" part doesn't really fit
usually
for like the 7th time in the last 2 hours
henlo
k good
because i was about to just poof out of existence
indeed
"will that be all for you today?"
every time i hear a banana pun, i die a small amount inside
skarm go away
thanks skarm
nice, we need more famous gay characters in fiction
sounds gay.
i think sometime this weekend i'm going to end up bingeing all of vghs . . . for class
e!google vghs
your name carries weight
and today wheel became the most searched word on google
okay i swear im alive
the cave with no electricity
bats
be sure to keep it dark during the day for teh bats though
asians are gonna shit bricks
but did it turn you into the manbat?
we knew that already though
we wait
candy you little shit, you underestimate my proficiency at screaming into the void.
ill make dollar bills with this face
<:kingofchamp:335544767616385025>
you think a mythical floating kingdom uses paper money?
i imagine they use some enchanted gold stuff
look
i am a peasant
you think he spends his money on me? fool
i am just going to sleep instead of trying to understand this
i am confused
ah thanks for clearing that up
he and i like to shadow box with words
wanna fight
i am enlightened
me winning
aka 5 cents
i am pretty sure out of literally everyone here i'd be the closest to you in a fight
hello sir
honestly, she's right candyman, of everyone here, i'd put money on her in a fight
are dead
not yet
cough... also a black belt
i guess i need to beat up rainy now
i’m aware of that
but they have corpsman
bot...
big dick dormancy
e!candy
wait thats illegal
before i melt you down into a ring
dont remember
so like
he wasn't complying
don't worry, eyan already has handcuffs for me
you dont?
you think bullets can stop me
candy
as an eldritch abomination, i am weak only to the holy bible
the god of bread is bread god's bread.
i got that too
wanna bet
the power of bread compels you
look not only am i a loser but i programmed another loser
3.50 meaning tons of 24 karat gold
i'll rob a bank
it's going to involve me blasting myself with a water hose
guys there's a colossus roar in vghs
home router went out 10 mins ago now
hit it with a cat
why does he have straight up neon color eyes?
explain this liberals.
lmao guys noo this is not what i asked for. it’s super tempting
oh well
that is very valid
do you really think i would waste time with such irrelevant questions
i mean don't blow my cover
*shakes around fake dragonite violently* wheres the real dragonite you spamless imposter
i cannot simply approach the console and input commands as i wish
the man forbids it
lemme guess 
unfortunately the man i speak of knows all of my actions
oh neat.
thats tau day
the first president of the united states
and that's how i prefer to handle it
is that a toad
the diary of a wimpy kid scp things
oh boby
and thats not even the worst of it
oddly wholesome enemy team
do f next
with proof that it has been happening over a year, mind you
go post that weird shit that nobody wants to see on r/lolesports and let the daily game threads have their room on the front page
mad that i cant eat or drink anything til tomorrow
m9k seductively touches pickles
guys help i relapsed into tvtropes
nice
you cant commit while running?
i feel bad for the five saps whose user files got nuked ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
so do i
good job
enlightening
host a bit of normal conversation
to make sure that the new ~~bug~~ feature does as hoped
any special requests?
well for starters the issue is that dolphins are a myth
atom
i question the lines which you draw
he doesnt believe you can do it
no like he said point to a atom that doesnt exist
not yellow
i own
skarm's innocence has been lost
ah yes, good old data compression
i'd reccomend testing that first
so how much are you looking to record at a time, and do you transfer to hard disk after?
no problem
good ol newegg, selling things for half the price as the rest of the internet somehow
its not the newest model (which you don't need anyway. like nobody does)
you got me there buddy
its more important that there's a spot on the mobo rather than a slot on the case
anyway im bookmarking this, probably going to come back to it even if i can make elgato not make modern art because it would be useful for other things
and 8 sata ports on the mob
you like to carve your own path
but anyway make sure your motherboard has an extra one of these open
i could probably google it but it's not like i need an excuse to open up my computer so i'll do that when i'm done with this mess
in both dimensions
less than a foot
yeah
its also almost +$25 to every single part to go small form factor
you should put it in a backpack with a ups and walk around with it like a camel bag but for video games
i hope your computer makes friends with the roomba
a phoenix is just a fire keese
i don't see why not
stop it
unsubbed, disliked, flagged
fucking send her to oblivion
wait, why did the post get deleted?
**sigh** i'm so close to buying my pc parts but then micro$oft just had to charge $140 for win10 home so now i'm setback again...
your actions were anticipated
whatever
im not good at this
it was on the evnelope that mew is sitting on
"why not"
no the ones you ingested were disarmed
don't pawn your work off on someone else, miatwr
grandma are you trying to kill me
i didn't know zeal had health codes
the next bruce jenner
the mcu is now monogatari/fate
skarm
kinda rude how that little shit didnt answer me
skarm
man 2 whole weeks since my last message in general chat
it's cause i've been around more and i am just incredibly intimidating.
had to read that twice
okay are you gay
thor kills loki to get the soul stone
hold on to your fucking hat bella
|| wait that was fortnite? i assumed it was cod or some shit. guess they're super modern. ||
though to be fair everyone did
||how the fuck have you avoided any and all fortnite gameplay in the last year and a half||
a poor person
why are you even asking that, what do you take me for
your days are numbered, mister
april went by very quickly..
my life would be a lot easier if i needed less sleep to function
god bless month end
working a 10 hour shift yesterday didn't help
lutris is what i use. it’s super good with a lot of games and community support
that sounds like a pokémon name
it would be funnier if i search and replace "a doc" to "the nuclear briefcase"
hehe
i’ve got an essay due monday that i haven’t started. i don’t want to start it either
but then it ruins the whole day that way
the prof is also giving an in class essay the day this ones due. which is lame
none of my term papers are due for at least a week
who woulda thought that between eyan and me that i am the responsible one
good times
i used to be good at handing in assignments
i would rather die than experience a single day of high school ever again.
which might never happen
lmao
rainy do it again
i have the power
huh, i wasn't paying attention and missed that
bite me
the 12th of january
when was that?
hey, if anyone knows any hot single men hmu, i'm about to kill this one
youre right
sorry about that
oh no no
the fact that your phone has learned to autocorrect to that amuses me
i was dying
wait for me
unfortunately
we can't all be so lucky
i was nearly murdered by a tainted lizza
ypu wont get arrested if you stop it
good
just very minor ones
dad said stuff fell off the desk at work though so that's kinda exciting i guess
or at least i can hope
but what if the switch dies?
bing is a microsoft product, right?
that bad, huh?
i just want to put a demo in this postmortem ffs
in result and conceptualization? yes
now i know where the budget crisis came from
to be fair this is the same campus that has the largest computational research server and a gamma knife
i could spend the time until my next class in the computer lab like usual, or i could spend it outside
should i just walk up and try making small talk about npm packages or something
update: socialized without talking about npm
update: teacher liked my 27 minute memefest. to each their own i guess.
same
respects (f:)
no that's _your_ paperwork
guys i think i accidentally invited my sister to see endgame with me
what have i done
let's look back on the fond memories we've created
just lob her into outer space
i'd remember that if i remembered anything
eyan hasn't fused with time yet
speaking of we didnt start the fire
very nice
wii music is actually one of the blocks for the colosseum...
in stephen’s server, he showed a couple bloopers from an intro he’s making for the start of tomorrow (which i will miss because of work)
lamp./
i now possess the correct quantity of sata cables
i dont like you , did you know that
what letter does the deep storage drive get
actually i dont know if i want to touch xyz because a program i use sometimes claims them as ghost drives
yeah magnet units sucked
well our society is a tad flawed
~~everyone is stupid. including me~~
dont think we'll get to pressure unfortunately
you tried
i'll be checking masae's twitter every hour on the hour for the rest of the colosseum
then in that case the optical drive is fine yeah
i screwed up the capitalization between meniks
"the floor is so hairy" -emile, talking about grass.
no wait six
do the script now and save yourself the trouble later
well now you gotta pull again
the knockback and the god awful ai make the fight just baaaaaaaaaad
yes he is
hair is a protein not dead skin cells
you nasty fuck
you're a hairy suzy
wait no
that's probably assault with a deadly weapon
im terrible with names
andy have you heard of george carlin?
there is a big difference between a human
is that a badge
like, at all
yeah they do that
he's at his job, but probably
and also this
but when it happens, all hell with let loose
schoolocke?
e!drink 1
alternatively, yar har fiddle dee dee
hell, right now i'm just sitting on my cpu fan.
a pc is a long term investment.
so i'd recommend that
that sounds lewd out of context but quite honestly i don't care
motherboard looks fine
it just looks cheap
confirmed
but "gay" is the adjective describing "deci" here so that sounds to me like he wants my tenths to be less gay
i mean
what do you have against garish yellow?  sounds to me like you're racist
same
shut it ho
the evil has been defeated
no but they treat them like this the most
this is also how player characters in dnd treat shopkeepers
eww reacting with server emotes now gives a popup to buy nitro
because
right now i can read it but not speak it and it's annoying
guys i just got affiliates finally lol ^w^
have you tried looking at it the other way around?
i am the immortal embodiment of suffering on this mortal plane
greetings, bella.
~~he's playing the amnesiac hero card.~~
reason number three
hey will!
that’s awesome (:
you can't rest in peace if you don't rest
condolences
on base its zero tolerance
isn't your birthday or something? or was that yesterday?
gay, is it fellas?
oh my god this shirt actually exists
that was fun
thanks eyan, but it kinda sucks to be reminded that i'm a year closer to the end without getting as much as i hoped done
at this point in my life my birthday is just another day for me
luckily my family is chill so they don't hype it up
hai there
a week from saturday lol
that reminds me your birthday is soon isn't it? lol
hi demon lord ^w^
birthdays are fun but i’m terrible at thinking of what to do for my own
oh shit that's tomorrow?
birthdays suck, can confirm
like, a hundred?
speaking of birthdays, mine is in 3 days ^^
oh man it's birthday central
but more birthdays means sooner death
hey master
that way it never comes
henlo
boobs
i'd request a shirt due to my love of boobs
rainy don't talk to brad about birds
factually incorrect
had chickens, can confirm
others spread seeds
it's a good account
alex is a stinky head
i think that's like the first time someone has called me by my name here
god bless him
~~george of the jungle?~~
a gigabyte in a nanosecond is an exabyte of bandwitth per second
so following moore's law, in another 10 years we should be there
i remember one time a typo in my code caused an infinite loop
but it was only causing that for a particular file when in actuality it really should have been an infinite loop in every case
i'm goign to write it in a node script
ah yes of course jsfuck for maximum security
i just got one of my fav champs in aram
anyone that you hate and appreciate for the same reasons?
i hope nobody ever writes an unfucker though
without that guy i'd be out of a job
so how much hate does that cover?
far as i know jason citron hasn't done anything wrong so no
said man of candy is very interesting
candyman is the person i hate on the motorways confirmed
or something
i'm usually the guy people speed match with so incase a cop come by it's like 5  cars going the speed limit and looks normal
im pretty sure the law in upstate new york is every lane is the speed or get the fuck fof the highway lane
which also doubles as the passing lane
really? that was just a guess, i normally just assume that's what we get for the privilege of paying inanely high state taxes or something
same
jesus christ
he was never seen again
(jokes aside that's actually what the road near my home is like)
and then it becomes a bitch to get anywhere
help i tried to use `===` in gml
binary birdbrain should do the trick if you didnt
should've replied now, now let's wrap this up
my boyfriend is a bully.
help me bob i jumped a different shanty 
bully ship and a bully crew
bully down in shinbone al
weigh height jumped a different shanty 
that sounds like a bomb ass way to go out
probably needs to be somewhere in your will
hush botface
i hate people in general
thanks for nothing
i suddenly want to see emile's mom come up on thrown controllers
congrats
i finally finished my sonata composition!!! victory is mine!!!!
bella learn to code
nice
anyways hi dragonite
congrats, you now possess the rarest of colors, kilwala
it wont be permenant unless i screw with the roles though, and i dont think eyan would appreciate that
just
maybe your pfp yellow
you can change it back
great idea squid
make it a yellow bunny
"which literally makes no sense"
i don't need relativity in my derivatives
look i doubt cryogenic storage could brain damage people any more than the internet already has
7.53 apparently
he's just been on a weird diamond and pearl kick laterly
and how many species on earth are there excluding bacteria?
probably
peace
he preserves skarm'
exactly
haha funny joke
i guess crashing due to a runtime error _would_ mean you don't have to do your job, wouldn't it
has to for me. ap calc beckons
maybe i should try that
does anyone know if this would work?? my 3 pin case fans can only connect with 2 of the pins in a fan wire splitter
i can't take any pictures rn since i have no way to upload the pictures
i didn't die
something something had it coming
also dragonite i still didnt get any speeding tickets
i think it's because the google+ account cloned the subscriptions on my youtube account but i'm not sure
um. youtube, care to explain why i'm subscribed to people that i know for a fact that i did not hit the subscribe button?
is he making a note here, huge success?
i wanna do 60 in a 65 without bothering anyone dammit
what sort of delinquent is up at this hour?
rainy i'm a bigger loser than you and you know it
i didn't realize how hungry i was until now and also realized that i haven't eaten since lunch
i guess i sometimes forget that
you don't?
i guess not lol
i just want it done if its the last thing i do
teach me the ways drago
and you guys still don’t sleep.
that’s almost night time
you know fear?
you should have acted, it's already here.
does god not fear loneliness?
but nobody wanted to believe, believe it even existed.
the usual comes with the promise of s=there being something else
i didnt make up my mind whether the text was supposed to be about sleep or about insomnia so it went back and forth like three times when i was typing it
i have seen the depths of hell and they look suspiciously like lorithia
im talking to him now but oof
oh shit
the worst kind of stuff
computer mysteriously turned off overnight but there's nothing in the event viewer about it shutting down, as far as i can find
i dont know who you are but you need to get out of master's account
will you broke it
it gave itself a break
realistically speaking, i want nothing more than to jump into youtube again full throttle and be what i once was.
wait
obligatory shout out to everyone becuase you're all beautiful
yeah well you know what else is the truth?
so wise
like a fucking animal.
me deciding whether or not to fail another class
that is beyond my abilities
if a cat magician is a nekomancer, what would a bunny magician be?
no i signal and dont cut people off
a lagomancer?
<:lul:528108303939665920>
just find a white mage to partner up with
i really don't know how i survive with so few storage devices
who's ready for mr. laurent's real sad boy hours?
\<:kappa:374346980136058893>
lol ^w^
and we all live
i thought that died in 2016
i wonder if theyd give me a discount for getting that many at once
on the bright side i graduate soon
it is never to late to replace sharla
only animal man survived
that's
well there were three snaps
downvoting?
i got snapped multiple times
want to stream
whats popping gamers
our bowling outing may have just been cancelled
hence the ping
not yet
okay thank you for clearing that up
get in twitch chat
holy crap it's 5:45 i need to feed the grandma bye
not anymore youre not
it happens
guys
that’s pretty sweet
i think my odds are probably in the ball park of 30-50% but if i get this job, i think literally 90% of my worries will wash away
where were you
like plane tickets
wasnt that already your job?
yeah but like if i actually _did_ it
so i got snapped away
okay besides mention of “skarm” what else triggers him to randomly drop bits of whatever you call his lines
he owes me one and a half years of electricity on my computer
that was anticlimactic
true.
indeed.
i'm not interested
be quiet mr i-have-a-twelve-year-old-sister
i’m not intellectual
no i'm the one who's taking a nap under the tree
dont worry the rest of us are open to talking
hes insane
i'm completely normal
and yeah, this kid is either a god at the game or at inting
im having flashbacks to the great war already
how great was it is the question
oh hello madam
a dark mage named charlemagne the younger
we will know as soon as the king gets back
they
e!wolfram integral of sec y dy
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
does anyone like one over the other? bear in mind that the red reverse-ellipse-thing is on all of the other ones
no, i know its ln|tanx+secx|+c
take drama in school
a superiority complex
and i didn't need to take drama to get one of those
did i hear dragons
it's about not letting that crumble into a crippling self doubt that stops you from doing what you really want because of the fear that you're not good enough
am immortal
and i
which descriptor needs to be dropped?
rip i can't remember what the boss in burden of the son was like
kinda want to play it now
did you just assume rainy knows how to read
like eyan
then take a shower
i was about to do that
foxtrot?
foxtrot.
right
can i do it instead then
delta alpha delta delta yankee
please
you're above me in the hierarchy
e!google how to ban yourself on discord
save me
uhhuh
darling, you love me, you know i would *never* take advantage of you
no dont do that
~~there is a reason why a woman isnt in charge of the treasury~~
brain that isnt a word
no now you owe him
as long as it's for me
rainy you cant kill me
that it chars your bone
candy
what's left of it at least.
"the guru of ass"
who the fuck spent $20,000 dollars on bananas
and bananas
life is strange like that
potassium poisoning is a helluva killer
i sold his cage
who happens to be me
trebuchet
i got 96 on the physics final, im officially done with school freeedoooooooooooooom
lucky bastard.
link in blackbird
luck is for rolling questions, skill is for answering them
mad skillz yo
its all skill
then again my bother somehow decided ap english was a good idea
ap english is much stupider than physics
apparently the final will be curved heavily, according to the teahcer
here me out
no yellow hate on my server
it's like, green and blue
as i burn everything down
that too
fight me
remember arcadia? can probably bring her along
i should get a life
where else do you find snowy mountains and dragons
that’ll do
master i feel like i probably retweeted that at some point, and possibly framed it on my wall, and engraved it to a monolith on my front lawn, and started a petition to put it on the back of the ten dollar bill
oh my god
dragonite
which someone probably did by this point
js written on a ds would probably be higher-quality than js written on a computer purely by virtue of not being able to enter text as fast
sticks
<:kappapride:379352530863521792>
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
shut up botface
and try to predict how it starts
up goer five
what kind of interview?
i should probably work on my reading comprehension just a little
so long as you remembered your pants you should be good
but double stuf oreos
oh my god
okay now i'm doing python
couldn't i just stick to doing pierogis
it had better be
the point that he made that really sells it for me is the fact that there's an eeveelution for every "special" type before the physical/special split for moves in gen 4. we're only missing dragon
which is weird, since java held that position for so many years
turned in a bunch of stuff to gamestop and got $81 for it all
btw what should i get for the gpu????
vive la revolution
i should hold a tournament
there's some role in olden governments where someone is tasked with executing the ruler if they become too power hungry and irrational.
i don't know what that's called, but ida, you are appointed as my that
gladitoral combat?
bunny
alrighty friends
put her between yourself and something entertaining and let your gravitational field pull the entertain towards her
which means it is your collective responsibility to entertain me
nice
so there's this really huge flying insect of some sort in my room
thanks obama:d
gotta stomp it with a boot
probably low level, too
ok so that was a fun run
does anyone know what this is supposed to be
there's a direct like a week later though
magic
theyll announce remakes of gen 4 on the 28th and then remakes of gen 5 on the fifth
aw no do i need to get a switch now
i needed to get a switch like, two years ago
yes that was like one of the first trailers they showed when they gave the switch a name
lol colorado
although apparently they weren't actually going to _make_ it until they noticed that people wanted to buy it
nice to have ambitions, i guess
not surprising in the slightest, granted
congrats majestic ^w^
today is national hamburger day
master i think youll get a kick out of some of the code that i saw in the wild today
i woke up at 1 am
the laser special effects are
congrats majestic
cat likes foot heater
wrong channel btw
bunny is meme now i guess
not bad
skarm who taught you that?
uhhhhh
yes you are rainy don't lie
i am literally the last person to judge
i understand
wow my messages wouldnt sleep and now they sent int he wrong order
all that
anyone else on summer break feel similar?
not having any school homework has left me the weirdest mix of relaxed and guilty
i just get so bored i almost die
must have been a slow day in the voice acting studio
and then i go to the gym 2-3 times a day to try and make that a reality
sleep?
the naughtiest thing i do in bed is play dr mario on my gameboy advance sp
mood
ok wtf lmao
maybe its best my messages didnt send
a fellow student just congratulated me on graduating highschool
<:roosip:562495134747590676>
pandaaaa!
also lots of work
howdy new friend
dragooooo!
eventful bday
neat
i'm an immortal goddess with a penchant for stupid animals
tragic
i feel like if i died youd actually miss me
“read the sign”
“are you open?”
it’s super overcast. so the only thing to do is get ice cream
good job
she's now cursed for all of eternity
same thing on the register, squid
no, miss, the computer will not even let you do that, and if i key it in manually i will be fired
ughhh
thankfully we've gotten rid of plastic bags
thats quite the shelf life
amateur
maybe i should have looked it up to like eighteen significant digits
figures
im not putting more text on the screen than i have to you cretin
i'm too lazy to
that is quite the nightmare.
just a reminder for you all
google is borked
wait what
heckity heck, i crave the sweet release of death.
someone edit my pic for me with the pan flag
that probably explains why one of the colosseum vods haven't been uploaded yet
i don't get dark mode, but i don't mind.
fizz is in the same tier as twitch
when you try to insult but don't use || redacted ||
wut the
why is my goth gf in trash tier?
well yes but actually no
don't you love it when you add another hard drive to your computer to check the thing and it decides to throw off the lettering of your other drives?
(four of them are subst drives but still)
finally someone with answers
i just spent the last 90 minutes compiling the shittiest bloopers of all time and putting an annoying buzzing noise between them all
youd probably do that after drinking all of his mead, yeah
i mean
how’s the day going, nerds
probably even stranger imo
it could be worse if you dressed like that in school
does it really bother you this much?
are they fighting over a bunny in midair
i was actually thinking, like, worse than booty shorts lol
i was on the cross country team so we all wore short-shorts for the entire fall anyway. but there were some students who apparently thought it was normal to go around wearing like, slightly-more-fabric-than-bras or something. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
they tried to prepare us for the "harshness" of high school
people still use that word too?
id be mad if we got uniforms
meanwhile in high school kids are calling people homophobic slurs and stuff like that
guys todays been a rough day for everyone it seems
i went to a school where girls could only wear skirts and its the worst rule. later on we could only wear collared shirts till high school
thats a great idea
cause personally?
all the time
i am insane
probably wouldn’t go well
bunny codes mad hops
in other, almost as important news
i don’t miss taking classes
i don't go off of semesters.
bella you still haven't?
didn’t know that
i dont know how they managed it but its got the flavor to balance out the bitterness, but its all solid? its magical
donuts times syrup dark chocolate divided by bald eagle, if i understood your order of operations
or as a more noble person would use,
<:thinkinator:409416852368785428>
sometimes i forget y'all are in the same fuckin country as me
i'm at work so i haven't looked at everything, but i feel like this is the first time in quite literally generations of pokemon that i looked at the new pokemon revealed and was like "huh, those are actually kinda likable"
now all i need is a switch...
the more things change the more they stay the same
in other words, that stuff isn't marketed for us
and to give little kids something to go "oooooooh, ahhhhhhh"
i forever stand by the belief that 5th gen is where pokemon changed forever, but it's hard to say exactly how it changed and why
i very much doubt it, the switch is far more powerful
i'm saying hopefully because i don't think we need to see game freak get overly ambitious with what they could do on the switch.
impressiveness has its cost
sorry to interrupt but
oh no
but that's just my opinion, and theory as to what the series is designed to be.
the what
did anyone see the pokemon direct?
welp, just another week and then algetty might blow up from e3
i think it was gen 6, where they introduced a group of friendly rivals, is where it got annoying to me
same
i did
i'm ready for x/y a month ago, i love those games :p
henlo
i agree, i'm more interested in the non legendaries they showed than the legendaries
it's literally just two dogs, one picked up a stick and magic happened, the other got his head stuck in a doggy door and magic happened
and also i thought the legendaries were different variation son the same monster until the narrator said otherwise, which is probably not good for what's going to be on the box art for this cycle
same
i think difficulty is something that nobody should get their hopes up for
>implying that's not normal
and he's getting chased by dog'maw
when’s all that due?
we've come a long way since then.
got a new car today
me with a knife
and here i am playing terraria
no dont hurt the wooloo it's not allowed
yeah
sometimes it's great
it’s illegal to hurt the fluffy boi
so my sister named her user account on the switch "voldemort" and chose the yellow pikmin picture
i have watched... two subs? and both of them are thanks to this one dumb, but really cute, weeb that i know
if they're either good or funny bad
you're just a weeb
life has no meaning but that which we give it
that didn't give meaning. it moreso commented on what was seen in existence
664 words to be exact
wait, terraria at e3? 1.3.6 release date plz
(if you ask me he died long ago and his death drove me to madness resulting in my attempt to revive lavos)
now that would be epic
also yeah.... about the rival, i'm expecting a hau 2.0 >___>
wow am i the only one here that actually likes both of these legendaries?
hello, guess who just got a parking ticket for parking like three houses down from the bus stop that i was accused of parking in
~~eyan?~~ <:kappa:374346980136058893>
except instead of parking in a bus stop it was for firebombing a homophobe
no then i could have firebombed the homophobe and then the ticket would have been enjoyable
i guess we know it's his mom he takes after
i honestly thought it would be professor layton or ace attorney
anyway i guess i wont be watching any emile videos for like three more months, since i still need to finish playing it too
and given that he's prob only gonna get one more lp out this year
tbh though
sounds reasonable
but i feel like there would be too many cuts and speed ups for it to go at a reasonable pace
true ^
they're both very good series i recommend heavily
yeah
there’s better reasons for loans imo
holy piss i did
ngl i feel like that might not go over too well unless someone asks first
“that guy can never finish anything” :v
pride month <:kappapride:379352530863521792>
eyan has still yet to play that on stream <:kappapride:379352530863521792>
to be fair, from the outside it just looks like he up and left for no reason
~~i'm considering doing that, now~~
master stop doing so much work youre making the rest of us look bad
did i manage top comment
which is to say, almost everyone
let'
wait, i was following more than that and twitch just didnt show me them all
just got home and saw the announcement video. i love how one of the top comments was “picking up where superskarmory left off”
do it you goon :^(
and from what i remember from the video, gen 5 marked a *huge* step up in terms of that.

stupid bot
good job bot
i was ironically thinking of maybe actually doing a chrono trigger playthrough returning to youtube instead of xcom.  =\
but now it'd feel very shadowed, i think i should still stick by xcom
ugh, i wish i could find out if i was getting this job or not, lol
because life is unfair.
i just feel sad now
almost immediately
the king will return and in time zeal shall prosper like never before
it's amazing how this is simultaneously kind of heartwarming that i did have such a legacy while simultaneously wow... i had that legacy...
ive learned that it doesnt take much
you aren't wrong
because i don't know what it would take to make me feel like i could be consistent
brah
yeah thats a solid 2 megatons of friction right there
is definitely not consistent
my channel’s slow growth probably comes from how inconsistent i am
eyan is that actually the reason it's been held up
i am now down to 154 subscriptions
eyan dont worry im still on your channel
youtube is also not a very stable platform in the slightest. especially in recent years.
i dont think youtube has changed as much as we're not kids anymore
it has
squid im pretty sure that's just you
creativity and stuff going viral has been replaced with regular mediocrity
youtube algorithms care most about the people who show up to youtube and hook themselves up to watching crap for hours
at some point in the past dad discovered videos of elephants painting
so she watches it about six times a day every time she comes over on sunday
literally just meme videos
i kind of want to drink and stream but i don't know what to play
play cthulhu saves the world
league with friends?
thanks premiere
well, thanks for the suggestions guys and gals, i appreciate it!
premiere did it again
i dont know if i should be concerned
i could play a few rounds if you guys get a free spot
the ever ending struggle of should i do youtube again was not an extra stressor that i needed today.  v_v
my bad
just hit it with a hammer
it stole the hammer and punched me in the face
but eh
howdy friends
are they just trolling or did they get a stroke when typing this?
no idea but there are a number of people on the internet who are _actually_ that bad at social skills
ill probably sleep through most of e3 like usual and magically wake up in time for nintendo, bethesda and possibly sony and square
good job sony
it's starting with ea today. i think microsoft's tomorrow
they just having sports and shooters again. the only thing that's actually different is sims 4
so the lawn actually hot mowed fater than i thought
wii baseball was the biggest disappointment in gaming
but it was
don't for the ever popular taking a sword to everyone on the island.
i got annoyed by the loud presenters, so i stopped watching
don't eat chikorita
oh wow i upset chat
update: detective pikachu was very weird, and i am very upset that they did not use the unknown font on all of the signage
plus the real-time meteorological forecast for the entire rest of the video game universe
it's the better cousin of mareep
welcome back
and i talked to a thing
and went where have i heard this before
and then went oh
update:
he are just kid
<:seemsgood:488173895246151680>
i miss when games intentionally added cheats
i had one of those
a bunch of them were wrong
same
never thought i'd see keanu reeves in e3 at all.
first country roads, now burning ring of fire... sure, bethesda
like literally any game containing fishing
eso has had dragons for a minute mate
that'll probably be in one of the updates in 2038
someone in the chat said "dragons don't make games" and i now understand the desire to murder someone
bella go learn to ride dragons
its the red one with the gas mask
doom eternal is all i can think of
there might've been other stuff, i don't remember.
so e3 starts tuesday then
i actually didnt have my hopes that high for bethesda, i heard they wanted to save starfield and tes until the next consoles come out
there’s no way tes is this generation ):
square enix can be very hit or miss, and there's no hopes for ubisoft actually getting a not terrible showing
ubisoft is like ea but with slightly better games and slightly less common sense
at this point i'd rather they just push it back to next gen
stronger hardware
i miss my ps2
ive never touched any ps
dont have one
i tried
“the story, maybe, we don’t know anymore”
"the story so far, probably, maybe, iii.9 delta/2"
there call one of the titles that, mark my words
watchdogs legion is looking good so far
taking back london playing as a 70 year old woman is already a selling point.
there's a dog on the stage now
watching through ubisoft’s conference now; i always have to turn off the chat for all of these streams because i get tired of seeing everyone hating everything that anyone shows.
commie protections
everyone gets equal protection
actually
the best parts of the bethesda show were the cute girl and that guy who kept yelling
even todd howard cannot save that show
final fantasy vii remake releasing 3/3/2020. sure, square enix, that's not getting delayed.
a tifa out of 10
it's probably already been delayed aobut three times, they just didnt tell us
they certainly did better than i thought they would.
once again
i think so, it's been a day so my memory's a bit hazy
i'm gonna just go and wait another 30 minutes for this direct
same
few things bring me more joy than a delicious cup of pringles
nintendo won
snake, cloud, bayonetta, joker, and banjo are in smash. what is this world we're in living in?
cool things happening?
no ill be a freshman
your greatest wish is to go back to 7th grade
was she with you for the high school years too?
you can dunk on the standard deviation though
also disassembled all the pens and put them in a style that resembled a museum display
dem leg
not yet anyway.
maybe if i don’t they’ll be in a limbo
i may not have a lot going for me in life right now, but no more heroes 3 exists, so there's that at least
and that was the last day of school
i've got another year of this hellhole
majestic back at it again with the majestic health advice
either way i hope you're all having a good daym
i personally prefer calculus for it pushes logic to the limit and, from it, finds new meaning
which games work best?
i used to just not turn it off until i turned my computer off
makes sense
that cs really counts
i feel like the main tower head should have a cap of some sort
gonna take that as a no
as expected, pokemon is dying faster than my happiness
*shrug* i just found that image on twitter and liked it. right now, i think we’re in the phase of people trying to shut up anyone who is disappointed or upset
had another “back to high school” dream mixed with me having to talk to my bosses about not being able to work that day, protonjon being there for some reason, and me telling my mom that i need to drop out.
this one is good, i like it
but that gold
9,999
ironically enough that's the only one i want, the only shiny i've ever encountered was a solrock in emerald
whats up peoples
i should also prolly get back into doing yoga
eh actually it feels better
sunlight was your first mistake
last night though i couldnt, hurt too much
and yes
were on my main computer, i'd add my own hype gif to the mix.
they still haven't rejected me though but it's been almost a month
so either they're backed up as all hell
i've been waiting since the end of april on an application.
well they were for government level positions.
i wouldn't know, but i feel like that could slow the process down if they're background checking you
i was going to say start the next era of zeal/superskarmory/youtube/whatever, but at this point, i've been saying that for so long that it feels fake, lul
so we're just gonna go with a new golden age
the one about a delayed product can be good but a rushed one is bad forever or something or other?
that you can’t
bloodstained
w a t e r
i mean the game
no ritual during the night, ida. 😛
you're not my mom
i think rainy supports rituals during the night
wait but do we still get to wear spooky cultist robes?
dress code is open
computer scientists get more done after 2 am than everyone else gets done all day
im pretty sure 95% of the commits on my github are ti.estamped between 10:30 pm and 4 am
and theres your answer
i have no issue with that
in fact
counting down the percentages on my batteries. our flight is in five hours
so do i, but there's just something invigorating about the first 145.236 minutes of going somewhere new
meanwhile i feel more dead than normal.
is wifi-battling a think in let's go? is it possible to iv breed and such there?
like this but wider
it was seen on the bus by someone who i'm not aware as in possession of a laptop
eyan's out for the night, entertain me ~~peasants~~ friends
i am a certified breadstick
lightly carried
unless you outplay the fuck out of him
then darius could sustain through the 1v1 and come out enraged and clean up the rest of the fight
so what i'm hearing is "if morde builds morellos darius is fucked at all stages"
not even the healing from darius q as much as darius can't be killed in 7 seconds by one thing that isnt vayne
legit builds 3 mpen items including boots
just barely survivable
w counters e and the early aggression makes it so he can't really farm safely
one thing i don't understand though is whether aoe can still hit him in his ult
good job
i don't even follow my schedule
also stay hydrated
i feel like i drink enough water to make up for not sleeping
i unironically like that image and want to know if it's a mod i can download
no you also need to eat more if you plan to not sleep
the ones that compared were
and then i just hit a 3 man r
well damn, that's like, amazing lmao
remember kids, if you get your shit pushed in during lane phase, just blame the jungler
so yay for roughly 50% completion
im not home now so i cant look, has every gamer on earth launched a denial of service attack on the store page like usual?
considering i can't access my wishlist
it's gone down two ore three times at this point.
too bad they can't make you buy the same actual good games you already have
e!google etika
etika has bad mental health problems.
we just need to keep moving forward.
it won't happen again
it just takes every problem you have an puts a giant magnifying glass on it
i saw some responses of people to the news
it wasn't just the pressure of fame, the fanbase actually made things worse, i think.
i'm not going to look too far into it because it'll probably make me annoyed for no reason, but from the bits that i saw i'd believe you immediately :p
i haven't really watched etika in a long ass time
but from what i'm gathering, yeah people were sorta encouraging the symptoms
bought bloodstained
you know, because we don't have enough of those
i thought you needed to pour some ice onto them or something
~/wrist~~
my one weakness, dipshits
duck of quacking
i swear to god
if i see the phrase
it could be honking instead, oh wait, those are geese
i will kick their leg out from under them
it was somebody about marines
you mean the ones who play out of seattle?
oh wait those are the mariners
marines = straight
navy= gay
(๑•͈ᴗ•͈)b
thumbs up
please 9k we are talking about real members of the dod
i need change your fucking name on sc, i always get confused when i she misha
i feel like we've seen this show before
was it the ct music?
he'll get there eventually
candy isn't worth my punctuality or respect
48hr pass for crunchyroll have at it, 1st come 1st serve  - vn6cfhmskvg
thats a voice i havent heard ina while
i hear it everyday, i think your getting the better end of that deal
bah, another phone game
devices that work off of energy cells?
is pax south still a thing
also i know they also have pax aus and i think a few other countries
i think there's 5.  one for each cardinal direction and then prime.
pax north: polar bears play the latest fifa
<:lul:528108303939665920>
ah yes
i think i'll try to stream tonight
to formulate strategies and practice your commentary i assume?
commentary i'm less worried about atm
nah, that'd be too crass
mornin
good job surviving this long squid, it's downhill from here
i am not going to give eyan wiggle room. he has plenty of time until the deadline, and i will ensure he uses all of it.
the timeline is still being worked out, but roughly the return trailer or something of that sort will be released on my youtube anniversary.
i also have a bonus "fun" video i have conceptualized that i may upload sooner if i can pull it off that would creatively tie in xcom 2's story into my disappearance from youtube for shits and giggles but i don't know if i can pull that one off
cheesy backstory video?  sign me up. <:kappa:374346980136058893>
the power of anime
it'll be pretty troll if i can pull it off, that's all ya'll need to know.  😛
e!drink -1
alcohol is the only unit of value that i recognize
i dont drink alcohol therefore my life has no value *dab*
we're outmatched in exp against neeko malz jayce yi j4
hmmmm
master im putting that on the reddit
actually im not logged in and i dont feel like logging in
kill whoever made the calendar?\
i can only royal decree on what we spend our money on
no that's the accountant
you own dresses?
a non-negative integer
have you even seen my uniform
9k i swear to god if you explain one thing on discord then finish it on sc i will end you
i hate how as an adult i have a fucking bed time
id question the status of hte police force in such a town
simrounds
it was very ridiculous and bad and it was terrific fun
<:roosip:562495134747590676>
tldr dragonite got butt humped
how much more of this was actually consciously rendered by a human?
a shockingly large amount of it
oh btw does anyone here know why dota underlords won't let me play? i can play on my phone while connected to the same wifi as my laptop, but when i try it on my laptop i just get "failed to connect to the game server"
glad mobile works. this game is so much better than teamfight tactics
also i technically had warlock and ogre magi both to level 3 but i was too slow on the rolls because mobile so it didn’t register before the battle started
congratulations.
oh nice
well one says corporal one says lance corporal but those might be the old ones
top right. june 28. sergeant
if only i knew what any of these meant
also how are you "sorta" in the air force
he's grounded
<:kannasip:555956993941045248>
ida your name is kevin, dont try to pretend it isnt
(rainy nailed it)
ida is 100% a robot
so you tried to get inside her?
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
literally
oooooh
giggity
now see where that's gotten us huh?
ida stay up as long as you can
i'll just stick candy into mountain of woe
can i adopt myself
can i adopt rainy?
~~you're not invited~~
and my dad probably ain't gonna want part of my wedding, so
candy's not invited to his own wedding?
just saying
wha's tha, laddie?
pretty sure that a lesbian wedding
and with that, drago's joke became much less bad by means of contrast
bye scrubs
peace out ida
like... duke nukem 3d?
duke kaboom
waiting for that to get pinned
he wanted that pind
sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
which is why i say i "joined" the air force, because for a brief time i was an airman, i just wasn't allowed to continue my career like i wanted to
and i wish ida luck on having him agree on more than a kilt
happy leprechauns day
which one
i wonder if e-kill is still enabled
i dont have the wolfram or whatever other cd .. files so its better to pi it so those features stay on
my sd reader may not work because my sister dropped nerds in it a while ago
crap
send me the cd .. files and ill host it
imma laugh if this actually works
im pretty good, cant complain
my knee is dead but besides that im fine
these exercises are squats, nothing special
it's been like a hot week of pain now
it goes through periods where the pain is seemingly gone
then i'll criss cross apple sauce and it's like i've been hit by a car
~~good job, now you need to fix everything that’s now broken~~
its ok stuff just seems to break nowadays
same
ive given up on my bookmarks bar
would it bother you guys if i told you

i close all my tabs
don't listen to him bella, you're just as insane as everyone else
i’d say no
my water has been off since 9 so i can't shower help
i just stupifyied my friend with a picture of a $9000 laptop.
with the desktop built into the "lap" part of laptop
it needs two power supplies with bricks the size of your foot to give it enough juice.
namely the graphics card, but that thing was shit to begin with, lol
~~that’s more important than the computer talk~~ <:kappa:374346980136058893>
i got really distracted oops
happens to the best of us.
what, they’re actually listening a little?
they always do
oooh
that’s pretty interesting
didn’t go very well
i mean i got pretty far. got to his magus replica form and beat that. then died to the next
i’m proud of that
smooth, lol
to beat the magus form
then you'll learn why i am the king of zeal.  😛
i just hate when he keeps putting up the shadow barrier lol
3rd time in a row.
stop that magus
i do have the hero’s badge equipped btw
when he puts up his shadow barrier like 5 times in a row
it’s great
he can't use "magic" but some of his techs do shadow damage
my favorite team combo was crono/marle/frog.  it's not that strong, but you'll never die, lol
wow frog’s heal animation is really cool
if you somehow miraculously beat lavos, you'd get a different game ending than the good ending, lol
and they always depend on when you fight lavos with two exceptions
because i remembered you saying it was important
and then i got the cat just for fun
i’m getting really lucky rn
i keep getting the light barrier
then i'll be happy to have my switch on tv mode
i remember you’re supposed to spare him on one of his fights but yeah i’m at the castle
see ya
later, eyan.
i foresee myself using docked switch mainly to record stuff
more impressively dragonite, you brought me back to talking when i should be working.  😛
eyan wouldn't be alive to see his bet go south in 2300
i honestly prefer playing it docked, unless i need to use the system's touchscreen. i can't play handheld mode for over forty minutes since my hands will cramp.
oh lol wrong channel
don't make fun of me guys
you werent but ok
hey eyan
how was work?
eyan you cant pokyourself
seize him
yeah most of the time when something doesn't get localized it's because (a) they need to get a license to distribute something somewhere from someone, (b) they dont think itll make back the money of internationaliz(s)ing it or (c) both
the memes they create are just an added bonus
because one thingll lead to another and next thing you know he'll be asking about the birds and the bees
which lasted literally 2 seconds
like, fight started and oh hey i’m dead
i thought i was actually decent because i can beat all of my friends irl, turns out i'm actually garbage
i beat one of my friends by accident about a year ago
in which instance i lost before i even finished trash talking
have a nice night everyone
oh no, reddit is down, now i have to be productive at work
a piv card is an id card you insert into the computer.
once the piv card validates, you then are prompted for your password.
now imagine trying to do it on a mac that doesn't have piv slots by default.
i didn't have to go through the mac nonsense part though.  😛
i actually went to bed at 11 last night for the first time in months and i'm still tired.  v_v
my other goal for this week was to begin production on xcom finally, but that hasn't happened yet.  v_v  it's been a depressingly tiring week
not have to worry about stuff.
hey, i can’t seem to find the room in dalton’s ship with the party’s money in it
got magus
now that i'm an "adult," i honestly forgot summer break was a thing until you were talking like you had all the free time in the world.  😛
funny story, we went to a movie theater, got billed incorrectly, then we confronted the manager about it
and pocketing change instead of bringing it back
also, i have a friend who has a friend that worked there, and apparently that manager was quite frequent to telling people to do things that aren’t in their job description
he opened up with rain of destruction immediately as the fight started
yeah, it usually does
i am actually not 100% sure from memory
i usually kill it
i’ll check
i do like that the beastiary plays the appropriate boss themes if they differ
that’s really cool
but yeah, if i return to youtube, i'll do chrono trigger one day again, but it's going to be a long ways off
*when
i'm making it happen damnit
because of chuggaa doing it right now?
also, i still say that you need to play pokémon colosseum and xd
colosseum isn’t bad but
if all goes according to plan, season 2 will be my pokemon season and then i don't plan on touching much of any pokemon after that
as of right now, if all goes according to plan, which i'm not sure how likely that is, season 1 is my favorite games, season 2 is pokemon, seasons 3 and 4 will probably be metroidvania and switch based.
hollow knight is just such a damn clean game
honestly, i haven’t played it
it looks like a really fun game.
i'm also trying to build my lps more around telling a story so to speak, and really immerse myself into the games
i assure you, it'll be some good stuff.  😛
so that you can get a taste of games you might normally think to play
could i throw a bone to monster sanctuary for that series?
was worth a try at least.
i'll be around to talk more though in the coming weeks
meanwhile odyssey gets e10 because dinosaur exists
i know it’s different rating standards
i’m mostly joking
i saved her
lol just realized i had everything
👀 very cool, what game?
oh, there once was a hero named matthewson bree,
who came fleeing to mar'land from old new jersey!
this is truly the face of god
imma just call it bidoof because i truly believe that is bidoof’s true form and he merely hides it because no mortal should see the real face of god until they are ready
oh hey eyan, how’re you doing?
not counting my dad's random hugs which are mostly just annoying, same
also, yeah, i don't really care for hugs, but i love affectionate hugs from somebody i care about.  😭
oh i see what you mean
nerds
also, aw.... d:
cause literally, i'm doing shit, but atm, i'm just chugging through my work day
i haven't really talked to her much this past week
hope she’s well
learn to drive
congrats. now for the fun part
congrats!
work.
poor glenn d:
i feel so bad for glenn
i feel so bad because he feels responsible for cyrus’ death and it’s like noh it’s not your fault d:
holy bleh
talk about an overrated area
honestly
we’ll be getting the remnants of barry
the world's most renowned cowbell player
but other than that, i’m a fairly safe driver
dat's a cut pic 9k
that thing looks like a peacock, lol
sounds like a cult
bella i see maybe three motorcycles a month and they're usually not doing that
interesting
it probably depends on the state
yeah. 4-5 in winter
y’all ever just y’all ever just?
<:pogchamp:305560024443518986>
is there even a point in taking an average of infinity
hi my name is vim
i like memes
nah im good
you had a good time
i took part in that poll and may have voted for the truth
theyre both true, sir
2b is hot.
that seems silly
wouldn't you use 0x2b at that point?
morning
noon
brb going on a one hour mass murder mission
goodbye
they took programming and worked it in with music
very pain
that's how tickets are assigned
no i haven't read any of those
i liked the movies therefore _i'm_ trash
nevermind you're unbanned
cadance you take that back the book are good _in spite of_ rowling
harry named his child after the man who spent 7 years literally abusing him
i should make a script that randomly toggles caps lock
and snape did everything he did because was creepily obsessed with a girl he met when he was 10
found this on the interwebs today
wait i missed a drunk stream? god damnit
lets go with that
sorry to borrow your stats like that deci but i hate people who int like that and then talk trash
i didn't know people had the same color pee as their skin tone
no, it's not that
somethings are meant to be kept secret
<:roosip:562495134747590676>
i think
ima make this a special attacker
as to why anyone thinks that's a good idea? i don't know either
i was playing pokémon stadium 2 lol
good
league of legends
hmm, yeah there's a lot that needs to be fixed there.
they get two chests
6.3k be
you don't make a crack addict by charging them $400 for the first hit
sneak 100
and by mentioning linux generic you're also pissing off windows as arch users
go mansion
lmfao
"yeah just spend what most people spend on food within multiple months"
cadance you misunderstood them, what they actually said was "just spend _somebody else's_ $500"
i give up
or i just suck at cooking
my mom and i spend like $200 every paycheck on eating out
i conveniently do have nerds this time
and one refuses to leave my sd slot.
im too lazy to make lunch so every day at work i end up going to subway or somewhere else close by and blowing $10 on lunch
if i was smart i'd just bring leftovers everywhere for lunch, since leftovers are free, but that would require that i allocate an extra 38 seconds every morning to preparation for my day so it doesn't happen
maybe tape could just _be_ my backpack
just dont use two sided tape or youll be a kangaroo
we were not that sophisticated, good sir
the correct answer is yes
1/137 = 0.00729927007299270072992700..., its period value is palindromic and has a period length of only 8. 1/137 was once believed to be the exact value of the fine-structure constant.
sleep is for the weak
haha. sleep.
oh no you dont
to a human perhaps
darn dragons
i had coffee an hour ago
couresty thing. was at a party
who would that be?
are you sure it wasn't because you have a hard time saying no? <:gwoicfidgetthinker:390299944910848000>
<:gwgoathinken:405753076432109573>
and now im too lazy to leave the channel
skarm it’s late
yeah
eggsactly
now i want egg salad
<:roosip:562495134747590676> yes
mlem
hiya kugal
howdy bella
sounds about right
still working through calc 2?
or both
most likely
dunno about that tho
and calc 1 with 98%
calc 1 and calc 2 were online for me, i essentially taught myself
kinky
but it also means treasure skarm
how far away is the college for me?
lemme double check
it is pretty convenient which is nice
indeed
like 12 minutes, not by much but still closer i guess
it feels really far away though
oooh
potatoes are good
yummmmyy
this is aram
clearly not this one
what if it bites you and it dies?
no, but i can't say i'm too surprised by that.
f for skarm
what does that even mean?
ok skarm
just a reminder for y'all
i mean
what did they say
i’m not so sure
sounds like it
it's called a scam thats the explanation
in both ways that could potentially be at the employee's expense, and in ways that are just stupid ("we code in c+")
more like c#
i have a friend who might have done all of those at some point in his life
now i can go make and play some hellscapes.
including uranus?
i'm not ruling it out
so how did he lick physics?
alrighty. where's the cereal
implying you ate it for breakfast
you could go the other way and have 0.5 breakfasts a day
no you shut up
the main complains i've heard are:
1. it's basically mobile on desktop
2. they got rid of the nice background color
3. getting notification from people not on your feed.
master do you feel called out yet
in a strange state that i cant put words to
i’m not too bad. trying to enjoy the rest of summer while it lasts. i’m looking forward to binging fallout 4 again tomorrow.
memes have achieved perfection, we don't need any more now
perfect
sounds like a nice time
status update: installing win10
installing windows 10 at the airport
wifh*
it's free
a caterpie
i can’t play it ):
my laptop doesn’t recognize my mouse
when you can, wanna try discord screen share troubleshooting the thing?
but i appreciate the offer
thats ok
watch them drop luminary on the 31st
also, if you hate people, then your happy time is when no one else is around
kinda tempted to do a mini documentary on battlerite
and just ditched the base game
genuinely fucking tragic
i'd watch that
you have a good pitch
happy valentines i hope nobody got pity candy
i got to spend most of my time at work compiling a spreadsheet
so that part of the day i can't complain about
big ol' nut knocks you out and skyrim starts
yeah too much thinking
this is by a dutch artist. in dutch, “path” and “toad” are written and pronounced the same way, “pad.” this is a toad road if you will.
i’m really sorry to hear that, eyan..
i know what's it like to lose a pet, i'm truly sorry to hear that
im so sorry about penelope :(
haven’t played that one. but the emptiness of the chateau plus the haunted atmosphere? pretty good
one of the comments says it’s a remix of the “great glacier” thème from gti, i’ll try see if they are right cause i haven’t listened to much of gti’s ost
honestly i'm surprised they did an ac direct
other than being in public and shit
unless there's something in that game i either haven't seen yet or don't remember.
pokemon loves its ghost easter eggs.
right, that was a thing
having one of thoese nights were i find old youtubers i use to watch
he snooze
it's nice that theyre into each others' games :')
doing*
oh so he goes by that new name?
he's tried a few times now but something keeps getting in the way.
yeah..that's it..
i've watched pretty much every video on his channel at least once.
i remember suggesting for him to do majora's mask right before he left...
oh crud...well, that kind of sucks...maybe we can convince him to return with majora's mask?
what don't you like about it?
well, the multiplayer brings it down a lot..
well what i mean by "main line" is that it follows the zelda formula that oot, mm, tp, and the others follow.
as far as being canon, no idea.  i don't follow the timeline stuff.
if i had to guess, he probably just traveled there.
did the people travel the land of hyrule far and wide to find link? does hytopia presumably share the same legends as hyrule, or at least recieve them but not have to deal with them itself?
*knight
oh..you should get a nintendo switch + breath of the wild. trust me, you'll have fun..
trying to compare it to lttp, albp, et cetera isn't a fair comparison.
and having one less player isn't a bad thing in my eyes.
anniversary amended this with a computer controlled second player.
yeah..anniversary is definitely better for that reason..i do think adventures is the best..
anniversary might be the best..the best zelda game is definitely breath of the wild followed by twilight princess.
tri force heroes on the other hand focuses the most on co-op out of the bunch.
oh..i think four swords adventures has the best map theme..
yeah...the great fairy's fountain theme remix?
anyway, i think you really should give tfh a proper try with 2 friends and see what is has to offer.
ah yes, hitting that over and over to get some extra rupees.
link's awkakening switch)
just so we can chat about zelda and stuff..
and also not fanmade..
just be aware they are within their legal right to issue a cease and desist on the idea.
the former is an *extremely* ambitious goal, but not necessarily impossible.
they're very well know thanks to their despicable me films.
i along with many other aren't happy with the choice of illumination entertainment for the mario movie since they have caused a shift in the movie industry, and not a very positive one either.
either way.  even trying to join a movie studio like illumination and the like requires a portfolio of some sort.
yeah..eventually i'd get a full partnership with nintendo and make a full live-action film..
i don't really watch movies to be honest.
*one
hmm?
not the anime one
most of us just call him "eyan".
that was a camcorder.
i mean
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
i've never played a game with any "skarmory" in it. never even heard of a game like that..
you have to say “skarm” or “skarmory” in your sentence
sometimes, what he says either doesn’t fit with the conversation at all. other times, it fits creepily well
this server's been around 4 years?
first message was just under 3 years ago actually
have you talked to him about youtube?
we were planning to this week, but penelope passed so that probably won't happen for a while
he probably won't be online for a while
man...that dude was amazing in eyan's let's play of ocarina of time! and super mario 3d land!
might be misremembering.
welp....i want to see if he has a youtube channel...
i think he does, no idea if it's active.
a horror movie i didnt watch
the bot has now way of knowing real-world current events and i'm not planning on adding that any day soon
e!kenobi
oh right
you're the fake master
does their existence imply the presence of an unrealmaster?
yeah i got tired of replying to each comment individually and asked eyan to update the description of that video
in a parallel universe, maybe.
oh...well, that info was useful...thanks ..
if your online username is ever taken, just do what i do and attach the word "spam" to the end of it
what's the maxinum level in chat?
probably
it just grows quadratically; awards stop at 50
pretty sure javascript numbers are stored in 64-bit floating point which means you won't start losing precision on your level until level 2.81e14 or so
the roles are all based on spekkio from chrono trigger if you're familiar with that game
that would be disastrous
let's leave gummy out of this
he's around
honestly i wouldn't expect him to emerge for a couple weeks following what happened recently
please don't pester him
hence <#305488106050813954>
oh....well, where are the streams?
that's all we can do
twitch is free, but it does cost money to subscribe to streamers.
yeah...well,can you still watch the stream without subscribing?
i never knew that!
oh...can someone link his twitch account?
oh heck
fair enough
probably a quarter of the potatoes in this kingdom are explosive
so don't eat them
i don't think that's a safety concern, but i wouldn't advise such action anyway
alright. hey, i have a question.
but i tend not to because theres a funky aftertaste in my lungs afterward
at this time of year, no thank you.
that's like "can you exhale while under the ozone layer"
maybe we can go to zora's river and find out?
no...i just got the joke from eyan's ocarina of time 3d playthrough..
can i borrow a pancake?
i'll take toast instead, thank you.
i guess everything in the kingdom really does explode..
why do you think the potatoes explode?
how are you doing?
no particular direction
it's just an occupational hazard
dark magic
don't question the king
anyways, lightning convinced me to stream some tft tonight so i'll be going live in a few minutes
i'm already back in diamond
i'm more or less a walking zombie right now
take him anyways he is polite
yeah..i've been trying for like 20 mins..
i was thinking of giving you one of my spare accounts to use but those seem to require the email stuff too and that might take me a bit
really enjoyed the stream!
you know...now i'm worried about how much time kirby has left...
i know what they are going thru atm. i loss my kitty, ryu, last year
stephenplays/ vlogs on youtube
that... strangely fits the conversation.
that's part of the reason i came here
the shocking reveal
this is freakishly weird right now...
i'm sure several of us are lurking.
oh yay, that feature still works.
yes but maybe try to post memes that everyone isn't sick of
i'm implying we can get sick of people writing in random caps
yeah, just because the engine is there doesn't mean literally the entire rest of the game is
true...breath of the wild is a big game...but when i say it shouldn't take this long..i'm thinking of the amount of time between ocarina of time and majora's mask...
not a fair comparison.
mm was rushed and almost entirely reused assets
i guess...but assuming breath of the wild 2 takes place in hyrule shortly after link's first adventure...wouldn't the charaxter models be roughly unchanged with their names remaining the same?
models are just one part of game.
sure, it's implied
*plus,* their names being decided maybe takes a day total of development time?
and coding the names in isn't impacted by whether or not a previous game already has it
just thinking about all of the potential places in botw1 where a softlock or point of no escape might occur makes me never want to be a qa tester
is something that playtesters never got in their time
there are inevitably some weird ones that are found 5+ years out, but stuff like console certification involves stuff like leaving the game running for days under various conditions to see if it crashes, they don't mess around
(another job i don't envy having)
you just had to completely ignore one specific mission and look around a giant world.
how did someone not find this sooner and how would you ever have thought to do it in the first place.
e!google megalovania theme
i really enjoyed ooc.
<:feelsbadman:327312260970315823>
the kids aren't taking it very well
i don’t want to get spoiled on the dlc
just due to how much wind affects planes
there already?
i’m not entirely sure. just a bit odd to study the social factors to why people do what they do. stuff like that
it’s all necessary for the bigger picture for sure.
yeah i think that’s a pretty necessary part of education. it always sounds like a lot on the first day when the whole semesters plan is shoved in your face then it kind of passes by without you realizing it
wow, that’s pretty fast for the time of year
especially if you come in from outside the country
at least the better parts of reddit lol
it's the best time to read if you brought a book
ever tried e-books?
pretty convenient, always on your phone
lol right as i was reading a thread that linked to a book
lol pretty good timing then. but if you ever do, the one on amazon is pretty good. if you have prime they have a pretty good selection that’s free
i don't have prime
if it’s new books it’d be just like those stupid yearly editions of textbooks that cost more because they changed a couple sentences
that's exactly what our chem lab books were. you also weren't allowed to photocopy your own book because they had carbon copy pages for the tas to collect at the end of each lab to ensure nobody altered their data
not as expensive as the chemistry textbook but still more expensive than the hardcover history of technology in warfare book which is a solid $20 for some 500 densely packed pages
i saw baconators mentioned
saryn would probably still be broken
because there was plenty of time for shenanigans between the old war and vor finding us
that’s pretty fantastic, majestic
neat
nice
wait wtf
aw yeah that was announced too. four years and he’s still updating the game. it’s really nice
those poor fools.
into the north
given that people
is this a new thing they're doing starting this year?
which one do you think?
you will, however, have a bunch of old fogeys try to explain for years why you should care though
just dumb stupid
hey be nice to java
you should be nice to country
holy anxiety, i just scored an interview next week for that same accounting job i went for last year.  i'm really liking my odds since they called me back
fair enough squid
and then midway through december my teacher just dipped
if i did i woulda done python
they did it
they fixed excavators
yeah
which they are
i've never needed anyone for hijack
the lotus mission is honestly rly good
in smash
very quiet
sometimes it be like that
if you ever somehow end up in pittsburgh or i find my way back to la, we'll go to one of those wine show things, lol
pretty sure i owe like, 10 different people a night out of drinking
fair enough. may the list keep on growing haha.
i usually think like, the desert or vineyards for wine tastings. given i know maybe 0 things about the east coast, thats news to me
yeah, i know my parents once went with my dad's cousins to some wine tasting thing, they had a lot of fun.  i can't say i really get it, but, i need any excuse i can find to get me out of the house these days
i imagine your levels of sass would be dialed up to 11 when you're drunk.  😛
maybe one day we'll find out.  for now though, i think i'm going to go enjoy the hockey game on the big screen.  fun chatting bella.  🙂  see ya
i would try wine if i wasn't against drinking alcohol.
seafood is an umbrella term for salmon
the myth returns
that doesnt seem like a quote to me
i’m honestly surprised the calls been on so long
i mean, i ain't going anywhere
a wise man once told me it's high noon somewhere in the world.
welcome
some things never change unfortunately. dungeon crawlers aren’t really their type of game. *shrug*
admittedly, the gameplay has almost always been the weakest part of the md games
please and thank you
today is the day.  iiiiiiiit's interview day.  kill me please
solution: teleport to australia
i still think i'm a bit out of my element, but to nobodies surprise, i'm surprisingly a pretty charismatic speaker, so i think i'm good at bullshitting my way through the "out of my element" part
true
anything else?
do i look like i go downtown?
there is a weeb convention a month from now.  😛
fair
i tried to go last year but got sick
i was actually a bit worried about this interview process going too fast and getting the job because i was thinking of taking a nice vacation at the beginning of april for that con
vacation days won't carry over will they?
different company silly
you aren't wrong, but it takes more than loyalty to get ya far in a cuthroat business world
lol i can only imagine
the timing of this kind of sucks too, because mystery dungeon has shipped to my house and, well, i ain't ready to stream it.  😛
who needs sleep anyway
it's an awesome game, judging by your status, you went blue lions.  😛
sounds like the perfect time to start mystery dungeon
oops, i missed a word earlier
i think the youtube dream might just be dead, but i think there's still a way to put out content people might enjoy by hybriding youtube/stream.  i just... don't really have a plan atm.  😛
the past few weeks have been an emotional roller coaster it seems
same
i might be able to put a little time into maybe putting a plan together, but if i want to do something a little more "official," there will not be mystery dungeon for at least a few days, probably longer
or i could just say screw it, but that ain't the style of an overthinker like me
there is a very sad reality, in that i just don't have the energy and time to do everything i want anymore.
reality is often disappointing
honestly this week has just been draining as hell
i wouldn't say this has been a very good week.
my brain has just been scatterbrained the whole week
ahh the old switcharoo
here’s a bit of wonder mail for md (from pokémon’s twitter)
wonderful! a free wonder mail password!
pokémon are suddenly uploading a lot of the original music of rescue team on youtube? that’s really cool!
i thought it was funny for the most part
important stuff though
poggers champion
i mean just laying it out and making decisions, i guess
fair enough
in class i'll read it in an hour
dw bud i was there once too
only one issue, i can't decide if i want to do maddening or not, lol
i mean, deer is the goal
and maddening might make it hard to go to the level i want to on roleplaying.  especially since diluting experience is bad in maddening but i want to use a relatively large pool of characters
i guess if things get to difficult, i could just drop the difficulty
sup ashley
hi ashley
though theres still some wiggle room in that regard
unless you plan on doing what eyan is doing and actually sticking with your own class <:lul:528108303939665920>
on one hand, i think marianne is hands down the best golden deer for the job.  but on the other hand, i want her to eventually be a holy knight for the role play.  😛
there are three other house recruits i'm going with though
but also because he has one of the more logicial reasons to be kicked out of the empire, and his paralogue with best nuke
part 1
they share a lot of supports with my main squad
the other two don't
ah, interesting
they do
he's the kind of person you need to recruit super early
<:kappa:374346980136058893>
we'll be best friends for ever *proceeds to go 5 years without talking to each other*
sorry
type faster <:kappa:374346980136058893>
i wanna know what happened to some people i was friends with 5+ years ago
on the contrary, i feel it's best that i completely forget about people from 5+ years ago
i like how you all knew where i was going with that instantly
xeon and cadence are my only "close" friends from a very very long time ago.  although to some extent, i feel like dragonite has earned that right to
which isn't bad, i guess
now it's around 72mbps for like $130 a month but the plan is up to 300mbps so 24%
yeah not fun :/
for the first 2/3 of the day the snowfall was strong but all of it melted on contact so it was awesome
this winter has been weak so far so this might stick around for a bit
ping?
ping yes
pour an energy drink on your keyboard
total kills is 2889
greetings, fresh victims! i mean fr... fr... friends.
sure you do
are you trying to eat the newcomers again, dragonite?
you already just did that
this isn't what it looks like i swear
it was fantastic
i need to go to a wedding in 15 minutes
good luck drag
to anybody who actually likes both xcom and fire emblem like me, i present the highlight of my morning.
i'd guess eyan has better things to do and someone on reddit doesn't
most pokemon games have had some form of game breaking bug on launch
^  i sure as hell wouldn't waste my time making something like that when there are much more important things i should be working on, lol
however, it's funny as hell, and i wish i made it.  😛
~~eyan would put way more time into it if it was him.~~
i'm aware, lol
just tsm things, losing to clg and beating undefeated c9
interesting to see how different areas deal with this
which is epic
oscillating between "panic mode" and "don't panic mode" at 44.1 kilohertz
also that was a joke at the expense of the traffic in the northeast corridor, i don't know that one got by you or not
i've told you about the garden state parking lot before right
ahh good you understand
jughandles are the least of our worries lol
welcome
if we're talking kickstarters gotta shout out trial by trolley
welcome. have a baconator 🍔
not necessarily.
no idea.
you'd have to ask him.
the fainted weedle in a mystery dungeon
eyan’s face just screams “i’m done with this shit” energy
i started today at the same spot as eyan, ended today finishing mt. freeze
i mean i know the walkthrough was stopped after 2 parts, i just never saw the reason why.
well he's not around at the moment.
i have more important things to be doing that wondering about that anyway.
i will say you are responsible for my interest in the metroidvania castlevanias.
welc
welcome welcome!
also, still cant believe riot added a fucking carrier in tft
why?
it would probably be better for discord to make a port for the switch
nevermind the upkeep costs and legal processing to get that done would probably be too damn high
i noticed that the king of zeal youtube channel gained a few subscribers in the last few days, it was standing at 737 initially, but since friday, it went up slightly and is now at 742, nice.
rip everything
it’s pretty crazy
colleges in the entire state will only do online classes after spring break
man my school hasn’t even gone online yet..
for the average consumer
i haven’t seen much of it, don’t know how many will. but it’s not hard to learn
i’m worried about transferring it too..
same thing with masks
at this point, i'm just in "it is what it is" mode.  i've been following this closer than the average person for a while now, but this week feels like it's been the tipping point.
around me that is
oh yeah and since i work in the it branch for the school i got to hear the full time staff contemplating about how colossally fucked everyone would be trying to do online ten years ago without the infrastructure that they have set up nowadays
lmao
last year, i couldn't go ironically because i was really sick
nobody here get sick
r/koreanadvice tier
albeit they're not taking it too great
there's actually a case of it like literally where i am now
good luck
your el gato?
i bought mine from best buy
yeah
yeah
time to prepare for a potential lockdown
business is tanking
the crazy thing is we still don't have a positive case
greeeeeeeeeeeeat
my province has shut down all schools till april 6
i'm sure the elementary/middle school kids will enjoy having a 3 week spring break this year
it’s pretty smart indeed
it absolutely has been wack
and today was nuts
yeah
we only almost ran out of toilet paper
toilet paper limits
like "1 pack only"
i have to do online assigments so sadly its not like 3 extra weeks of spring break for me ;-;
same
lootboxes man
b) i only have 2 classes that aren't already on line
my work ethic when im at home compared to at school is super weak so im just hoping i have the drive to do it lshdjshdnsnd
but i'm obviously not in school anymore, so it's kind of nuts
all of pa did
if i was in college, i wouldn't really see that as meaning much.  i was mostly a self-study anyways.  high school though, that would have been interesting
i'm (unfortuantely) still in school and i just got the word that school is suspended until the 31 of march so i'm really happy about this extended spring break. (also!! hello!! i haven't been here in a while lol)
i've almost entirely relied on lectures to know enough to do the homework and the exam and pass. i've barely read the textbooks
i don't think k-12 has been canceled here yet
2 hours after the hockey season was cancelled, canada announced progress working on the vaccine
in the case of pmd, soon being last week
but yeah they can do it online
20/3 bells it
there's a lot of games i'd like to play right now, but if i get extra time off, i really should be productive
we all know i'll sit around playing video games
but my classmates are
ones with parents who enable their shit, no les
because apparently you were supposed to take the coding class in your first year or two
due to some isp shit and having to do my language requirements
and last year i made the poorly thought out decision to go to a vocational school
good post.
i'm not drunk enough for this either
too bad my enet can collapse at the worst times
and here i am debating having a drink
wait
happy pi day
bro what the fuck is warframe
...into zone 9 with all my xp reset and no rewards
"here, have this instance of sanctuary, that group doesn't want it anymore"
its probably too fucked of an hour to offer another run
i have questions
mhm mhm and what might those be
the first one is why
ok maybe simply why is not specific enough here
and the answer to that why not is opportunity cost
none can oppose the flow of time
i wanna play final fantasy vi
agreed
tell him 60% + otherwise it's basically for nothing
no i was just testing how modlog notification pings came in since in online and not dnd over the break
i be i be
hey who let you in here
update: warframe still pure jank
poggies
nobody anywhere can code
anything that involves multiple spaceships is definitely using heuristics
so expecting no smash reveal on june.
welcome
welcome
is this about swearing
i don't know what you said but i agree
terrorist attack
stay safe everyone
oh right . . . didnt you just get the job at the airport, too?
impeccable timing
although as of last thursday, we're now just parking in our small parking lot because there's not enough staff or guests to give a crap
i plan to use this time to do three things, 1, get healthy, 2, clean up my house and life, 3, have some fun with video games, lol
mostly 1 right
sounds like it can only go uphill from here jskfhk
<:lul:528108303939665920>
i was expecting "i'm about to do a pro gamer move" but this works too
when they partake of like, one glass one night a month or something like that
xcde looks fucking gorgeous
release a couple weeks before its 10th anniversary too. fuck, i need it.
guys
no rc
dunban's in the circle of characters i wouldn't think twice about going gay for.
speaking of alvis
i'd actually like to stream today, but i'm still figuring out what's going on.
my grandma is in the hospital so it's a bit frantic around here today.  v_v
well, i hope it all works out
cause and effect?
i didn't really get to know them all that well though
hell my grandpa was a doctor and he used to offer his patients cigarettes, that alone tells you how far we've come
they hardly even knew it was bad at the time.
what
they don't get attention, they crumble
i just picked up rescue team dx so i'm happy
steamed hams = funi
my condolances
for those 9 years
what the hell has been with this year for you man...
92 tracks.
kudos to eyan for being so strong during all these terrible things that keep happening ;-; i hope things start to get better soon
oh i thought it was a reference to the self promotion earlier
he only stopped just now after the bank emailed him to stop it and contact technical support
i just looked up when patch 10.6 hit
sorry not sorry
and despite the mmr drop, i don't feel like lobbies are any easier than when i go solo
my average rank over the last 20 is 3.6 which is super good.
the horror.
you've never taken any kind of shit seriously, birdbrain.
dont burst his bubble rc
georgrage
4th place in damage
no way xeon plays some boring shit like mundo
i mean, fair, lol
and i legit built
relic,zhonyas,rfc,deadmans
work in progress and drawing sylvain as we speak lol
hey i remember you
yeah
welcome cap
welcome
welcome!
thanks guys
i was never on eyans forums. i knew of them though.
that guy is actually an admin in the beta 64 server i just joined
playing tft with my first master player, i'm in the big leagues now
oh nice a reason to use uplay
in case anyone missed it in algetty,
sometimes odd suggestions are a rabbit hole to a new type of content that you didn't know you would enjoy.
youtube suggestions has its own sense of humor sometimes.
made it in time for dogs.
some say he's still trying to this day <:kappa:374346980136058893>
he has returned
lord donator returned
yeah i was there for the alerts lmao
let the mario party shenigans start
i just got home from work, in time to miss stephen’s bumper. thankfully, he’s uploading it to youtube right now
uh oh.
gen 4 remake was announced?
not yet but it's only a matter of time, at least i hope so
this segment started at 88k. so much money donated in a short amount of time
i show up to the stream and people are just breaking the donations, damn
absolutely
if i could i'd have donated for it ngl
i was there for it during extra life lmao
i really hope it does, that would be amazing
he's giving it to us
i’d actually need to buy the switch if the gen 4 remake happens
i've realized i might be rusting in 99 despite being in top 35 this block.
my mom is watching lcs finals
xenoblade
he's an independent music artist that the mod team has
"so long, king bowser" -jules
cool easter egg i found today
welcome new friend ^w^
welcome. have a baconator 🍔
we get to see emile rip sticker star several more asscaves and watch at least another 30 minutes of game boy player (disc only)
how will the banter between jon, stephen, tom, and jerod make the entire chat and each other corpse for the entire stream? found out april 30th on the proton_jon twitch channel <:kappa:374346980136058893>
emote has been approved lol ^w^
we have cookies.
welcome!
goodness i remember minecraft pocket edition when i was 9
hi friends welcome new friends lol ^w^
sorry i couldn't help if
welcome!
please refrain
i wonder if that happens every time they join a server
can only hope so
twice
pro tip: merciless lives up to it's name
im stuck at saes palace in p5r cause i got lost for about an hour lol
oh fair
thankfully it wasn't anything i didn't expect
lol yeah
i kinda spoiled myself with the new endings
you'll see why when you get there lol
certainly has been a long time since i checked in hmm
youve become the very thing you swore to destroy
hasnt affected me an overwhelming amount apart from not being able to see my partner or my friends
gonna be glorious
that was an amazing stream 😁
i remember that.  i was very confused when i first saw it way back when.
6 minute videos for lp’s. that was a different time
it was beautiful in it's own way.
never going to forget this walkthrough
you used to have to go to a toys r us (remember those?) and plug your device into a kiosk or something
agreed
well that certainly makes it a lot easier to not have to teach people program files structure
also, i was running conqueror on that zed game too
fair enough
sometimes you find pidgey in central park, and others you find a lapras in the empire state building.
sounds about right
very nice
valhalla doesn't sound like something with 1-hit ko
welcome to twitter. where you're wrong if you disagree with us.
it’s time. gb player
this could potentially be a podcast
eyy, welcome!
welcome!
i kind of saw that coming on the eyelids getting heavy
am here
can you hear?
x/y was the real beginning of the end
i think making competitive more easily accessible is always a good thing
lets take a look at another example though
just for consistency i'm going to use the gen 4 sprites but i actually think they nailed him best in gold
his sprite still screams his personality loud and clear
evil motherfucker
meanwhile on the model end of things
but it doesn't have that same oomph that some of the sprites did
that the sprites overall showed more personality
i mean
like i think gengar sticks out his tounge and crap
it feels like looking at brawl vs smash 4
i think that, if executed well, they could've been a fantastic addition and given a new, better way for a pokemon to express itself
i miss blue shiny rapidash
but it feels like more than a simple recolor made because it had to be there
hotter fire
but i really appreciate the smoke angle they took
lmao
and why the fuck was it catchable in gen 6
like them handing out gen one starters for no reason
yeah, that's similar to my story. i've been here for a while now though. i tend to pop in and out of existence though. last time i was in here for longer than a week was when i was on an old tag lmao
glad to be here though! 😄
it's so thematic
it's everything i ever dreamed of for my perfect world
i am now highly excited
less than 20 days
fair, but i like the town idea a lot
who?
best game
welcome!!
journey mode sounds a bit interesting
specifically nozomi's first part
something like that
i know that a song for you! you? you!! isn't on there
i blame my nozomi friend
now all i hear is cute girls
i blame my maki friend
i mean i know the lodestar, star
i finished sunshine, but didn't leave as much of an impression on me
they post a lot of art
the aqours songs are good, i'll admit
^ they're basically the a-rise songs i were waiting for
something something whos a rise
fair
wish a-rise had more songs 😢
lmao
at least muse gud
i call dibs on first rod of discord btw
was this from our last run
seems oddly familiar
yes 🙂
never such a thing as too much grey screen
that should be enough time right? :^)
yeah i'm willing to do an expert run tho lol
im just saying if 2 people are gonna die a lot anyways, we might as well join them
~~the misery must be immersive~~
step one: everyone dig straight down from spawn to build a hellevator
i remember thinking that there was a point in expert mode where you could start to make do on your own without it even really feeling like any real inconvenience
i guess we could try master and if it's too much, we'll drop to expert
those with exp should try to stick to a role
so 4 people can pick a role, and the other 2 ffa
and i have a strong bias toward mage atm
i eventually decided that i couldnt do anything except kite the bosses
terraria is on the 3ds?
terraria is on like, everything
i think there's no way we could run master mode without at least some form of tank
feel deader than i have in a long time
seems legit
thats every day for me in may
if so i might be able to join (schedule permitting)
not sure if ps4 can play along with pc
the only two it can be are ranger or the explorers games
i don't remember there being three different versions of a ranger game.
camp ~~fire song song~~
and not much is happening
agreed.
