since you say anything that doesn't seem right and get jumped on
a friend of my mom said i look friendly
i fuckin love just dance
leaving zeal
thats probably what caused the stomach pains
demon lord, how big is the sun and moon, not ultra sun and moon aftergame?
i mean im the one who went through with it so yeah
worst is clearly slow and painful. its not fun
they fuckin dead
lots of guys like that are not nice
this all started with vox and steven crowder
they _can_
and hateful stuff
let's gang up on drago
i do gang up on myself
all in favour of getting rid of some channels/combining them?
i feel like self promotion and media should be combined
i guess media works for him
clear stuff up with stormy and hopefully be able to watch direct with her
time to **pun**ish him
kugal go to bed
blitz stop why beat me up? i was told you were nice over on this server
you should be
well i did take hm out on several pizza dates so
wow, amazing you'd go out of your way to compliment strangers, props for spreading positivity
that is not cute sorry dragon i gay so nude pics of men not my thing
hell yea
prolly flubs then
no regal we're not contagious i swear!
heck yes
it’s a puppy dragon
i’ll be back tomorrow but i need youtube to send me off to sleep world
i don’t wanna post anything if you haven’t seen it
all trailers are now in <#563455726048247808>
because you want my money or you want me to talk
i’ll show up maybe dragon
i knew it will be a big game
new evolution not great but i obsessed with the new legendaries they my kin lol
huh uh
if it was a copy paste from new leaf like how city folk was to wild world
then big movie
flubs wtf is this
my pc doesnt need specs
did someone actually take me?
because im currently having a side effect
well you might be right flubs
i know you like hi
nothing much regal
one percent of the time lol
she just can’t know i choose favourites
bud tomorrow aint thursday
june 12, and 13 are bad days for me
i don’t like too peaceful
(i did not just say that because both of my sisters love black and white)
plasma in back and white was cool
thelastsane is crazy
btw demon lord tell me again
oh you missed the stream today
though some of the social features are locked
stormy likes it and having stormy around is very nice plus i never played those games
i going to the beach tommorow
not sure how much of a zelda fan she is
oh ok bye skarm
i mean
drago is leaving, very quickly
threesome?
that game isn't even all that awesome.
they are there to make money
showers with short hair are a breeze holy shit
im a bit jumpy today and will be a lot jumpy tomorrow
flubs you are adopted as well
oh boy
lmao
i hear she has resurfaced
gossip amirite
how bout that
he didn't like it
yes it's 555-5555-555-5-5
even though she was mad at me one time for not knowing how babies were made
she always said i was like a little brother to her
a lot of drama
i dont hold it against ya :p
i see a rob
i only have like five dollars on me
i know a good rob
appreciate it xd
coming from him that's basically i love you
what?
no swimming allow here
oh good, i have time
i play so many games
pour a bit in the pan
ram that bullet down
and the circle thing is the bullet
i didnt even know i was hired
ive had weird drea,s
too many to count
caught her with her ball mid yawn
but it's only thursday the 13th.
who took control over it?
i wonder if you even know him personally.
i dont think i've ever formally met him but good for him
it'd be different if you badgered him to do it
to be fair, to my knowledge, nearly 100% of people in here are your friend lol
that place is haunted for sure
theres fewer people and they are on average better
no jk
i just made my profile picture this in honor of pride month
plus i like the colors lol
also, all i did was ask why theres a d in fridge
but nope.
yay!
i had no wifi for like 5 minutes
what i miss?
yeah it was no fun
(depends)
oh finally
someone took control over it
im just tighter with everyone here
well yeah
talk to drago, he is there...i think
blitz do you blow?
its ok we've been on several pizza dates
going for walks is too tiring pretty much
he’s cool these days
(rest of the server besides flubs and blitz peeks in and says "yup, gummy lost his marbles")
ida wanna play ffxiv yet
tbh it sounds like a scam
been busy
later on you start going to a lot of funerals
im cry at my chicken'a funeral
sad sure but not like crying sad
dont tell my dad though
she just got so sick one weekend and it was time
u watch stephenplays? i knew i liked you
regal isn’t trust me
minecraft
prob asleep
mine is horrid
so ida lives in iceland and operates on new york time, and drago lives in new york time and operates on california time
oh shit i just got it
i didnt know those wrist bands that absorb sweat are supposed to be used so you have em on your wrist so you can wipe your forehead until some tweet pointed it out
nani
new favorite flavor
i should be studying but im playing pokemon
good
one of the best animated tv shows i've seen.
t!top
od horribly
which are made of math
lol yeah i remember first playing that game with my cousins
that was a good one
yanis is a good mod. he silences people and thats funny
drago is very consistent. very consistently weird.
ah, will added it. forgot she liked it.
fuck, ive been found out
are the stories referring to the same event?
even though it’s not against the rules
<:thanosthink:582667010392195115> <:revolver:582671595235966976>
nah most gens you can find plenty of pokemon or trade
black and white instead of trying to do that soft reboot should have picked only a hand full of popular pokemon from past gens
like pikachu
no fucking way in hell they should have tried that
"in the newest zelda game, link will be paid dlc released 6 months after launch"
im still streaming
lol flubs btw there was a crazy hippie at the beach the other day
i wanna be his friend
btw idk about you
he also had a crazy husky dog which was super aggressive and it was p-u-s-s-y
it was also named dracula or something close to that
i just broke my chair
gummy
😏 sexy
nothing you could ever eat tastes as good as being healthy feels, but eating tastes good now and health feels good in 6 months - 10 years
im playing zoe
gumym
accurate though, demon
me too, if i eat fast food i have bad poopoos
its the worst
what if all the afterlives are mixed together into one big one, but you need to meet all the criteria to get it?
if the two gods are equal gummy, that means i have all the power of humanity - one weird crippled guy
am not religious but take me to church is one of me favorite songs
dont need to be religious to be unhappy tho 😎
even 20 years ago it would've been social suicide to say something like that
im intrigued
im not fully sold but ill try it
hell, all of us could be wrong, it could be something none of us can fathom
ok done with my duolingo
i would vouch for it
go ahead
i dont think you should sterotype voices lol
im gonna head to bed fellas, have a good night
if you can das fine lol
i'm 100% slavic.
flubs i will sue you
i mean i used to play csgo but i had to stop cuz everytime i got headshot and heard that noise i would begin to shake and shitit
i do that in bed silly
i bad at movies i try to finish it tonight maybe
ida i meant regal
can i be your third sister?
maybe
what was the other core subject
will do drago
good!
i too anti social for the pride parades lol
he's upping the pressure on me to get a girlfriend
tell him that you agree and think you should be enrolled in more math classes
i like it
(ida you didn’t have to point put the obvious)
no it isn't
there's a whole day to go
im pretty sure when that happens the game poofs out of existence
interesting
great well least it was free
at least i'll be making moola
shhh
iron_female
it’s actually a real thing
so what if others can see my nipples?
that's like asking a rock to be a rock
you look stoned
whoops
if kugal taped puppet eyes to his face would he be a googaley koogally?
lol xd
he's as tall as a skyscraper if not taller lol xd
even though it is one in the morning and bunny is probably sleep
that was my dad lmao
shouting is fine to an extent
made a new server and did it again
you are ambassador to gummyland here
lol it is
*thank* you
floral who knows tb is crazy
benny can be the cute little mop of anger
thonk
it just broke
ive installed this app that my sister told me about that connects you to lgbt people and ive already got this 15 year old guy asking if we can be bfs lmao
get a room
sure
i mean if a nuclear war was gonna start its probably pakistan and india but besides that and the class imbalance its great
president flubs
go ahead
damn
pupper 💖
people are so interesting in their ways
that shit is disgusting
haaapppyyy birthhdaaay toooo youuuuuuu
then again, smile more, it looks good on you 😉
thanks for the idea kugal
okay gummy fine you can have a happy birthday. but not too happy.
thanks sis and drago
you are 22 and im 19
and now we are both legal to drink in canada..
still
you should probably surrender now
gummy i challenge you to an orange juice chugging competition
gummy
also gummy
apple juice pls
<:pinkielaugh:544330346964058132> <:pinkielaugh:544330346964058132> <:pinkielaugh:544330346964058132> <:pinkielaugh:544330346964058132>
hes like a young ida
right now drago
hes gone
im sorry for roasting you ida
youre a bad judge of character
damn thats a good pup
im offering free hugs to all
nothing
i did it
but when i stream animal crossing, all a sudden new viewers join and talk
and beat them with nets
wait coke as in coca cola? or err.... cocaine?
only to be replaced by yanis
haters gon' hate hate hate hate hate
anyone who joins now will automatically get a role where they cannot embed links nor post pictures
hey you should all visit (remove the spaces)
discord me is open
we should meditate on butts
i expect it to be delivered before yesterday at noon
it's not tasty for me.
and a geek
im bored
it's raining
and all you have to do to move around in 3d space is multiply your current matrix with your updated transformation matrix!
how fun
nocturnal emissions are fun
i talked on the phone for an hr and 13 minutes
then their products sucked
wiat
because its fabulous
it only has like 510 cameras
but yeah that'll be a bit later, gotta do a few things right now lol
gummy why i thought getting trolled was fun
when's my birthday gummy? lol
it should.
wait, no, they already made dumb n dumber
here is the thing
oh yeah the bot does that
ham is good
i've been eaten.
shhh
who needs alcohol...when you got this
drago...no giving her ideas
gummy you missed the coin
then kill it
thonk
gummy keeps dying like a silly pants
i had the best league game ever
code blue
you know
the reason why i like you more is...you didn’t give me a death card for my bday
gummy wanna do my homework for me
you already have no pride.
eew get it off my screen
i meant dragonair
drago doesn’t get one
which server are you on? if you're logged in you should see it above the minimap.
feeling a tickle on your face and then wiping that spot with your hand to see it was an ant
no, it's subscription based
sorry sis..
gummy how dare you not play video games
i just haven't gotten the time or commitment
is that going to get me killed
lemme see if i can figure out how to put it on
i also happen to be following you around
well if he by some miracle starts making youtube videos again maybe i’ll watch
kugal is being generous with his pizza
i still like the streams though
nash
but you can even feel like shit when you stream!
for stream i can
we get along really well
got my new external harddrive set up
well pokefusion is trending on twitter and it’s terrifying
im not even trying to now
i believe my mom was still a teenager when we landed on the moon
see? qed, fools!
thats not a pokemon
don’t encourage this...
i gave you the purple i guess role
bye gummy, nice knowing you
well if your parents are bipedal and have arms, that probably means they're of the homo genus
no you smart
hey that was me last night
lucky you
i'll wake up at 6 pm
i feel bad for going to bed cause my hound won’t share but i have headache
i know right
if i strangle you but only partially you might pass out
the ratio of the average cross-sectional distance and the perimeter of your arms is pi
i wish
mathematical hugs are just as great
and then i had work
but he likes being howled at!
or the delivery guy doesn’t steal my medical stuff or whatever happened to my last order
no stay dead
well at least it's probable that people will land on mars in our lifetimes
did you remove the punctuation?
flubs i know what you did
(sarcasm) lets get sis porn for her bday, she certainly won’t disown me and kill me
i want both.
well animal man showed up today
he has with me anyway
so it would be basically too tempting to use on gummy.
too much purple
at least according to my friends list
nothing screams fancy like deep fried potato
i feel a light buzz
it means your blood alcohol content is too low
nice
wow you revel
now time to hide my celebration drinking activities from sis
borrow drago’s microwave
screw you
thank god i don
that is?
but consider me
but yeah...walmart probably need to apply online
and far places that i can’t get to easily
you mean you'll get addicted?
streaming
asking for some....reasons
big balls for someone who pissed on the couch earlier today
i would hold a calculus text book like youre holdin a skyrim book
sure drago
but im gonna do...
bios?
we just finished
stormy will just tell me what to say
she sort of likes me the most
that's good to hear.
woah
i dont know if it actually saved me any time but it was fun to make right?
only if its scalding
who runs this server btw?
and i guess skarm
yeah star
floral's ex
but floral broke up with tb and went with his ex
i paid $200 for that
we need someone to stir up trouble
i think if he does do youtube it shouldnt be anything too ambitious or he might fall into that hole again of coming back at full power and then have no energy after a week
i should do a let's learn
your health is important
it's a dnd joke but i think you might like it for the angry bun
i meant in gummyland
idk what to think about it...
neat
videos will remain the same
might just re-record everything tbh
i went through another youtube crisis
so i get double the deaths!
oh i thought you did
ive had 2 wrong numbers call/text me today
(yes really)
trying to get my caregiver to text me wats in the food she left me cause it looks like beef and i don’t eat beef
yeah thats gangstery lol
for rarity it should be "darling i know u love me"
i was thinking methanol but sure
yeah it’s a pain but there worth it ofc i have the new 2ds xl so i dunno about regular
“do you do outdoor activities”
now those strangers will know im smarter than them
you can though
in fact ts real easy
he wants porn
which i hear is terrible to work at
ida am i allowed to play as a dragon in this game
drago it’s also almost 3 years of knowing each other
17-20
no one told me the 2ds xl needed that
er, exactly how does this "cast interrupted" thing work
im pretty proud of myself
hey some advice from adults needed
also don't let them make you feel guilty either
or a lion man
don't die
i happen to know a thing or two about that from my own father
i'm good at taking care of my stuff i swear
drago stop breaking things
can i have it>
oh okay
i got $65 gamestop credit
flubs can i have it
fucking on thing i hate about 2ds xl and where you insert your game
well we already knew i was weird but now we know gummys 3ds peripherals are weird too
oh so you smack it on there and it charges it without annoying wires in the way?
bad food doesnt taste good
be weary
not final fantasy
oh no then i can't have him, mom wants clean carpets
oh boy
like sonic
alright
and now i having another issue let’s see if reinstalling works
weary is probably the worst named emote of them all
my dad is disappointed in me becuase me and one of my female friends havent indulged in anything nsfw together
but you don't want to sword fight your non-romantic lady friends becasue thatd be too dangerous
duolingo has mommy issues
did i say that
i've heard some interesting stories about grindr on r/gaybros
no not in the good way
lpt: lots of people in the exact same situation at christian events
i wanna play with you
any peeps alive
ida do i want to know
and someone had left a light pole in the middle of the walkway
i not i just really confused
yes star
doesnt seem fair but sure
he wont have the courage to fight back
but he acts tough
it got real quiet real fast
yeah
it’s a gay thing probably
she took the midnight train goin anywhere
im constantly in a weird mood
she will
tomorrow isnt pride month anymore
flubs that made me laugh way too hard
but that's what his dad spent all month doing
dad: you gotta show me how around grindr
but i enjoy watching league most of the time
im always doing something gay
tell me hopw fabulous they look
the gayest
cause i don’t use mods so i dunno what the problem is
oh yea he doesnt
there's more compliments where that came from
ah right right
i have to kiss a guy
hmm my throwback
drago you never beat me up in the past
i know
drago hitting us with the absolute hot takes
drago you won’t like beans and shrimp
sis’s name is mordred
i apparently have the number of maria now
he knows my full name.
you have rainy’s name regal
i'm not dead :o lol
it’s just spelt differently
there was an incident on ss forums where someone accidentally guessed my last name by shipping me with another user named "lord penguin"
well outside of d and d but haven’t played in forever
bad dragon bad dragon
they were never this weird in zeal
or fen but no one in real world calls me that
yay peanut butter
only if you birng the ice cream
regal's bringing ice cream
a lot of gay shit
ok gang kugals gotta go
but thats it i swear
darn.
blitz is err 72
nice shirt
god shit on the kaiser!
its fun
i solemnly swear that i am up to no good
ooooooh ok
pc, xbox, playstation, and nintendo switch
a fortnite one currently
can i have him
ida why are you awake
kewgal
i guess sis’s name
gummy you were named after my middle name
i'm going to sleep now cya
no one stayed for the credits but me
the bot says otherwise.
i don't want it
im his biggest fan
i vaguely remember the matrix math i did on my own accord a year ago
lmaooo
ida why you do this to me
all the guys in that last picture are the same guy
yeah, sounds good
this is confusing
aww how sweet of you
kugal in a blitz
regal kugal and i just spent all of last night in the kissing booth i think youre going to have to try a little harder if you want to achieve tmi
i must have been mad at him that day lol
kugal do you know any cute single dragon girls?
there was one time when my dad got upset with me over not wanting to get the lion king on snes
getting out of bed is hard
great one of the only surveys i qualify for money on breaks goodie
i  back with fresh underwear
im back again
how do you search up users lol
lets see dis bootiful art of yours
lmao
you throwing me money drago?
lion king
he must really hates it
i want it
nice
ew boobs
maybe you could try the crime of sharing cute puppy pictures everywhere without permission
king nappy fell
keep it classy, pokétubers
ask him if he prefers carbon, potassium or uranium
not 30
37.1
that's too rational of a number
you forgot we are missing someone
i'm too busy being sad all the time to be mad
after windows update
gummy that sounds like a real good way to get her mad at you
drago you need an update as well
guess my parents we're just allergic?
cute.
let's go with 10 for now
regel guess how many gay youtubers im subbed to
wouldnt the dude get lonely
but anyway even if you dont get the original joke, the second joke is that i'm apparently using a girl's name on a business account
there now we have the three stooges role
so gummy should pipe down
in wonder how many words i've said in my life, and what percentile that puts me in for all of humanity
youre only subbed to 30 people?
one girl two cups anyone
that's a star in some constellation somewhere that's probably going to explode when it dies
hmmm
haha yeah i dont want to slee
am i the only one who doesnt really care about the fireworks
west coast gang
yo debería
she's even more cultured than i am
aaaa
kk, nighty night
oh no
sorry sis that your other gift never happened
some 60s thing
we know it's you.
kugal youre not allowed to not play video games
so the switch lite is coming out in september apparently
flubs will help me
free slurpee
tell us
can i have some?
and it's in a nice case
who wants to keep this place active?
i am sorta
flubs i just check my server
do they still all hate each other?
im here friendos
i can put it in the gutter in _half_ that time
is seeing how fast you can hurl a ten-pound mass
thats how i won against like 4 other people one time lmao
either that or i thought you would hate my guts
which is 14.3 mph
just in time for 2 years of knowing each other
shrimp!
we're just trained to be disgusted by bugs
but cattle isn't sustainable for the rest of the world to all eat at our rate
bison
dy/dx (e^x) ?
e^x * dx/dy
she is probably the best person to cut my hair
yea!
fluba
demon lord
i hear hes cool
kugal, i'll hang with you
flubs
you guys make my heart melt
happy 2 years of knowing each other
i can't
say what?>
gummy that's your morning routine
i got a haircut
that's one dang expensive box
i had pizza
ask drago
my brother likes pineapple actually
part of me is arguing with myself
skarm same
but i realized i'm not gonna feel better if i don't reach out
no thanks
and the offer on the hug still stands
the feel loving one, for example
ya boy got a switch
oh jeez your anti-leaching off of her
gummy there was a scene in stranger things when lucas was like "max and i already broke up five times" and i thought of you immediately
he hates me
oh gummy i know the strat there
oh shush its her fault
which one is sarah?
flubs, buddy, you have _really_ bad luck when it comes to girlfriends
sure why not its a funny story
oh hai flubs
i guess everyone has their demons
no i did not kill her, this is not true this is bullshit. i did ***not***
he likes shirts
i need to get in contact with your aunt immediately
needs more plaid
thats literally my entire outlook on life thanks for distilling my being into a single sentence. not gonna haunt me at night. nope
true
i don't think i'm qualified
the fuck
maybe sis should train my staff...
you're not alone
tbh i think we'd all be a bit happier if it weren't for social media
thats good sis
"i halp"
gummy
but i thought you liked my math stuff?
so i asked her whats wrong and she said her other ex bf threw a tantrum because she wanted to live stream with me over watching stuff with him
why is everyone on the internet a goddamn child
ok but if they arent dating why does he care what she does and why does she care what he thinks
idk but he only attacks when she and me are streaming
then we arent friends any more >:(
hey no nuking servers is my thing
gummy if you actually suspect there's going to be a physical confrontation contact the security desk and tell them
i can’t wait to meet drago at magfest
yeah, just not always great for _gummy_
i should show up to magfest but not say so, and then nobody would figure it out
top ten best pranks
it's for benny
drago. he does it
yeah but since hes finished a series
yeah but still. it seems like all the gears in this broken watch and stopped
i'm trying to find groups of computer people physically located \*somewhere in new jersey\* who i could go meet as part of the "making friends" part of finding a job
stop being old
ah yeah
flubs are you 7?
im 7 too
i'm a newborn plus or minus 23.8
drago looks like discount drago
who me?
last one was black & white 2
no one is at this age
me marrying ida sounds like a good way for me to get murdered by ida
same with flubs
im quite timid irl
flubs i wanna meet you as well
my dog is not the alcoholic in our relationship
looking at dc from an airplane, 15 minutes away from congress and the whitehouse are neglected neighborhoods that nobody wants to invest money into fixing. really says a lot about congress' activities
both go east to west and theyre exactly the same
google maps doesnt even give the parkway its numerical designation lmao
no thats just a good idea
im not sure we're both about to find out
excuse you i _like_ doing 60 in the 65 zone
drivers here are slightly less horribl
im glad i was looking down at my phone or i prolly would've shat my pants
last week this semi truck came like 2 inches away from smushing my dad and i on the freeway
are basically the same
sorry for getting political there but yeah
we should abolish language
people tell me rust is fun to work with, and lately ive been talking to a guy who lives and breathes in haxe
since i have no idea what we're talking about, w
really?
flubs you were weird before this
just hide it behind the big rock, nobody'll see it there probably
no we all know it's his rarity body pillow xd
or only with me because of money
maybe you need an older sis
i only have one sister and she's absolutely horrible.
flubs why is all my compliments offensive and my insults are non offensive?
drago why is it everytime you buy something, and then they announce better stuff?
good
i'm died
this is like 4 keyboards in total in less than one year
yea i would say that's accurate
swimming in money sure is fun though
all i want right now is stormy
no flubs
like my viking sis
“gummy do you think about anything other than food?”
i don't know if i've ever been to baltimore
yay gummys a bully
this place is bully
how do you bully
flubs bully animal man
two girls one dude
damn camelot is making us all not violent
you stayed the same
sis was violent
you can do it demon lord, demons are pretty violent.
that’s benny’s wrist
medicine can expire?
most of the time it won't do what it's intended to do, and depending on the compound it could introduce new unfortunate things
which was dumb in its own right
thanks drago
have fun with that i guess
no grenades or rocket launchers? amateurs
thanks kugal
you know what
this is me<:charlie:579566514248744963>
lmao
either way she did say one thing
exactly. its stable but extremely fucking chaotic
well reviews are mixed so i was just wondering
all in favour of inviting squid and rc?
and drago don’t you put me down?
sigh
my name is supergummying
thats my name shut up
you calling drugs, meds makes sense
mason dope
i could probably find out what it is but she clearly doesn't want it out there so i won't try :p
i know right
but i cannot say it or i get beat up
there was only like one class in high school i was in where there was another dan
it was a food class
gummy probably remembers who i'm referring to lol
yes i know
i know there was at least one tim hortons in rochester but i didn't have a car then and i wasn't about to get on my bike to go to fast food
although i suppose
i'm almost positive there's one in new jersey _somewhere_ but it sure isn't near me
flubs give me your waller
mine has the imperial legion symbol thingie on it, you can';t have it
oh you know what
mines just a brown leather thing from the 30s or something
anyone wanna join?
flubs i nominate you to be the next man on the moon
well i meant dan lol
my ffxiv character posing like a fate/stay night character
mom: you brought them over because you wanted to wash them but didnt have a full load of laundry
me too
drago you can't date your siblings
mom: grandma, these are your pants that you left here
hey gummy i hear youre in the market for another sibling
the third party is you
according to both us and canadian law
time to retrieve it tomorrow
steak
oooh
eh i hit enter too early
pizza with a topping of steak. the fun part comes in that bits of steak are dropped onto the pizza as its being cooked so you never know if the next hit if meat will be brown, blue, pink, or almond
i'll share with drago since he's my date
flubs fuck you
im not dating gummy im dating kugal
you know it
im back with my steak
parents came remember
<#542153256898658319>
how do you know if a bar is gay or not? did you see it making out with another bar?
hehe
i don't know why you're going but i've been through similar experiences since i was a kid
<:wat:579563576914870333>
i dont know if that would actually make you feel better or not
and this is where bad luck starts
which is also missing the shift key
my keyboard is so cheap but i love it
depends on whether you plug it into the port next to the heat sink or not
>there's already that thing added?
no problemo friendo
that or we just made the volcanoes angry
volcanoes are human enthusiasts confirmed
how do you know master?
after gummy dies, i take dips on his pc!
sis gets that as well
i will try out that windirstat program.
that thing
any glasses you wear are your cute glasses kugals
thanks flubs
no risk, no obligation, no red tape, no down payment
i got my debit card today pog
should also probably get a stock market account set up and invest once the next correction hits
even though she let us go early
get drago to put it out
why the ***fuck*** am i green
you better not
right now i am working on bringing the server to a staple 200
sounds lit
i mean, i might leave the computer, but discord will still be on
sis you need a new laptop
and that is lincoln's fave song
damn it
and cooking mama
interesting
nothing crazy there, everything in the order of operations makes sense
try that
f30252
good
― isaac asimov
so hi bitches
no, it was a schutzstaffel office.
now ive heard of george carlin
but i wont
really
best description of punic wars ever
i did update
gummy, you know what you gotta do.
it was random really lol
you same age as me cool
you know i realize it's probably on github
to be fair i wouldn’t mind some hand holding action
i'm like 95% sure the mets are going to lose
he’s won’t eat him
i mean i get the part where a solid half of all games are derivatives of ping pong
oh hell yeah
im only in gamemaker and letsplay and a couple others that only get like one post a day like pokemonrmxp and stuff
im like a very pale white on a good day
shes plotting to take over gummyland once and for all
it’s that time of the week again where i question how well i am as a server owner
<:thanosthink:582667010392195115>
i just worked opening to closing
master i finished up the kepler thingy no one took up the offer before i finished the lesson feelsbadman lol
the bad news: mom's phone decided to bug out so they can't scan our tickets to let us in
the good news: today is mr met on the moon day at citi field and they still have some left when we arrived
welcome to the future
i figured out how to make my ffxiv character read
/r/brandnewsentence
it's the max level
go skydiving, try some meth, see a play
awesome
we got pizza yus
yesssss
everything drago does is fun and good (:
be both
drago went to an alternate universe
the green or yelow?
hmmm
thonk
cause you are constantly tired so i gotta keep you away
get better flubs
is that an `and` or `or`
gummy i had an opportunity to give you a war cry
no i meant thanks
and then she killed me again
speaking of which i havent played that in a while
fine i will download it now
oh my god yes
the third joke is that i'm too uncreative to come up with more than one fictional name in my life
which still lets you try all of the classes
iirc i have fire, ice and one that i don't really know what is for
gummy you sure you dont want to commentate? i wanna hear _your_ voice
it's `ex`, from _that_ stage
basically my ex told me not to be stupid in front of her sister which is like ida and me, they aren't actually blood related
im gonna call it that from now on cos i like that name a lot more
gotcha
gummy forcing me to be social
<:ponkohyouknow:525081375888506883>
<:pinkie_awkward_smile:636655055134785558>
i deny all allegations of attempting to give bringina chocolate with hot sauce and hot mustard
i'm just showing
also some vandalized the first nations university
oh you don’t like chicken
wow im dumb
but point is to not act stupid
well mitch we should see if we can drag tenda in
like gums when he was young
“young people in vietnam continue to be taught at home and at school that same-sex attraction is a “disease” and a “mental illness” that can be cured and treated, despite legislation designed to support and protect lgbtq+ rights.”
lets switch for a day then flubs
yeah
3. don't invade russia at all unless you can conquer siberia before october starts
kugal you should probably play the kingdom rush games too
ask sis
forgot to do that lately
but 90% of them are great updates
he only has like 45k subs
what the hell is a binomial?
if your pokémon series is binomial or higher i'm not interested
gums with bringy and with tenda lurking around
and i didn't realize there was a middle ground
thanks flubs
that's like saying sparta survived till today, implying they were still a self sufficient city state
the two will connect together after destroying poland
most of my history comes from the bean people over at extra credits
that'd make tug-o-war more interesting
then fucked thwm right back when they were weak
ouch
i always get a new followers
i take it someone didnt make it through
i bet they were called the dark ages because it was before they'd invented the light bulb
gummy told me u hate anime
nor have i had a mood swing
yeah ive watched heroaca. fell off with the latest season bc it didnt interest me but enjoyed it up to that
its pretty light on the moaning which is nice
real name: something japanese 
not like roman slaves or something like that
status: deceased
and that had button issues
you rang
name a more iconic duo
e!crash -f
alright
i just rolled two critical fails in a row in dnd
e!bot
so me
i like how im maybe and drago is just a flat no
no he is nice
so here is my latest commissionb
oh drago
is this true?
i have finalized the most important development in the history of let's plays
is diego even still in here?
joins and leaves don't appear
welp
it circulated a while ago
and they are not allowed to join voice call
it doesn’t
my log bot records all joins and leave
we do
but this would be the first time he's uploaded since discord became a thing
ah yeah
and the last thing i want is sis being pissed off
you are either on her soft side or not
us being a pony server targets a lot of raiders
that messed them up
drago very simple, edgy 16 year old
banned 3 already
i also dont think we have chick fil a
what did you think though?
be super super nice to regulars or new nice people
that is wondeful
make trudeau buy the entire usa
make a joke
with*
make a joke!
20% was not filler in johto
<a:rarityspeechless:585545014927556636>
guys
male feminists are basically people that support women or something
that series has been running for 25 weeks and youre just now realizing that?
we dont have food
im in the library
guys
7 years ago
why do you have lewd art of your oc
hopefully it captures the charm of the originals well
you just rapidly oscillate the muscles that contract and expand a limb. i can do that for short periods of time with my left arm before it starts hurting.
too bad see ya in heaven, loser
is it incest though?
see? new,
do not answer that
you seem to mellow down
cause flubs not gonna lie
these days it’s “thats gummy to you”
i have no clue what that word means sis
but only for knowledge
i dont know that
why do you want us to be mad at you
i wish he'd go away, yeah
so i'm not 100% sure if there were any winners in that debate
sis sleep
gummy thanks for dropping the animal crossing direct, i'm super excited for the game 😄
damn it sis
bringina, if you love your island, don't do it
mine abandoned me really dramatically, does that count?
best friends is a stupid concept
no clue
what the heck i never knew he was a pervert
well i can name a place or two thatd be better than others
flubs you break something
i got you a new pet
i had no time this morning to make breakfast
rip my social life when animal crossing comes out that is if i can get it day 1
galarian transgender pokemon yessss
my favorite part of the night was making gummy suffer with pokemon black and white
wrong channel, whoops
make a youtube series about it
and yea pretty much, and i dont wanna have that shit spread lmao cos it just exposes how fucked my family situation is lol
how old are you sis?
so more like not very surprising but also im a bystander watching all this drama go down and i can't help but find it the least bit amusing
well
headset advice
guys
it's easy
<:mordredthink:561981371279605771>
what
i'm already yellow
thats the one
remember when i said a broken clock is right twice a day? that applies to uberfacts as well
what you mean?
i think it looks interesting
and how dare my influence isn’t working?
basically in simple terms: peanut butter, banana, and bacon milkshake
no demon lord
gummy where on earth did you even find that
magic drago
so you have chosen.... death.
"always manage your textures properly. you don't want to end up like that guy, do you?"
i just played games when my parents let me
hasn't been a good week for cats it seems
really confused about why the a button is only working in specific places though
guys
sounds similar to me when i was 10ish
through naruto?
then i started to make accounts when i was 11ish
that's a skill you should probably put on your resume or something
because sis, why be ashamed of it? yeah it was stupid but if you think negative about it, it’s not gonna make you happy
think im going through a mini midlife crisis
that makes no sense
though some animal crossing and pokemon are making my life less boring
you rang
and this might be ego ish
tbh i hate studying
out of how many he finished?
you would be correct on that 😂
it isn’t
i already doubt my ability to sleep
some crafting maybe
it sounds confusing
i'm fairly cheap too
the crystal tower series is at level 50, unlocked after the credits roll
yes sis
though i did promise nightshade an oc
fairly sure the 3600 actually draws less power than my current cpu too
a plushie of the pony oc made for me
i been studying some of them sis
or a sympathy discount
i was told to add a crown
and it does imo
butter is better imo
thats kinda just an issue. if you dont care about presentation or one half being too cold, you could always chop it at the divide and cook the bad end some more
fun thought experiment though
a broken clock usually just refers to one where the batteries died
did you get banned again?
sure why not
1080p and hd?
i remember that
so then was the way of teaching the kids just the parents undermining what the other one says?
he tells me
because he said if they were, then why can't we see them
hey my dad told me to do that
and climate change cant be real bc the earth isnt real
but says trump will crush them
> and dinosaurs are made up
me too
there have been people who made up dinos to become famous but those generally get uncovered as frauds and they're also violating dig site rules
to be fair even the short ones
i just read his status thing
i don't think i would be against msnbc sacking him
ohh my stomach
there are several possible responses i can think of this this conversation and they're all awful
im not sick to where i cannot work
i don’t sadly
yeah mario maker is a much better value for money than new super mario bros. u
and there's an unlimited amount of it in mario maker
drago is main protagonist
they still can't even pass the green new deal in congress let alone something like that
god why do we suck
bread and circus
no i think my dad is still enjoying it
gummy calm down at least you don't have an orange man who gropes woman as president
if russia ended i'd be pretty happy
by ending
japan culture is better than america
just look at japan after world war ii and japan today
i do believe shinzo abe is liberal
i say dx or sword and shield
i dare donald trump to do that
schutzstaffel office
imagine trump dressing up as mario lol
since canada police arrested many today
some right is needed
of course if he does win we'd continue to tradition of collecting one of every kind of president
i don't really see any point to the right
what are u gonna do cavity search everyone that comes in
borders would have done nothing to help
no the last major terrorist attack was by a white guy with an ar-15
so turn the darn thing around halfway through
i remember in 2016 when he dressed up as mario during the summer olympics closing cermony lol
pick a mass shooting, any mass shooting :(
crazy part is people would prob accept an american monarchy
jeff van drew: lemme switch parties because it would get me elected
just left zeal
i was pissed but not at anyone
people in zeal gettin gyou down?
the one thing he hasn't tried to actively dismantle
and those tax cuts trump passed have not in any way helped the middle class like he claims
no gummy but there is massive game stores
god damn it now someone's going to have to destroy that also
also drago
drago i will destroy your channel!
i went to catholic elementary and middle school, we had religion class
alternately: sufficient, enough
it was a public school with no religion
so im used to their names from the cartoons
i don't think i would recommend doing it right now
do this to charlie
oh my god
watch this one
ok so you're echoing me basically
it's a benedict cumberbatch photoshopped image i think
shush mitch
he fuckin flipped it on me
that's not an option, it has to be one or the other
...out the butt?
no, who is gummyv
ok fine
get mitch to
so i know how to use it for 3d graphics and i know (kind of) how to do it, but i don't exactly see the actual connection between matrix math and 3d graphics
gummy i want that thing to burn, and when it's done burning i want the ashes to burn
there you are
only thing i'm prob gonna hate about sinnoh remakes is i'm gonna have to constantly look at what pokemon to catch to use as a hm slave lol
that is my plan to pick piplup as my starter and gummy is prob gonna mop the floor with me cause he felt like flexing that he's beaten the game 10 times lol
i feel like the surf replacement in swsh should have killed the user instantly
hey man i expected if people wanted to be horny theyd play zelda but a friend showed me some disturbing stuff recently that proved me wrong. they still play pokemon.
on vhs
itd be so easy to remember
i always have to have one open whenever i do raids
someone prob has the brain of a math god while also knowing all the pokemon type advantages and disadvantages while also knowing how to speak a million languages
i mean i know all of th epoké.mon matchups, i just dont do the other things
isnt rotom like every type or something
if it's not gonna be sanders the next best choice would have to be biden
biden has to win south carolina if he's gonna get that far though, not to mention super tuesday
is he the one where theres the audio file of him asking for pants with more dick room
mostly just boring stuff
give that audio a listen. really intriguing
i love birbs
piplup is a bigger bitch though
can i buy drugs from you?
actually i take back my statement on not viewing any of the conventions in 2016 cause i remember trump's current lawyer was pretty much hyping up the crowd
a gummy and bringina destroying a country movie
um aggressiveness...
lets all move to errr
gummy let's meet up and eat some hot wings
and then i said "ah yes, because c stands for 'can't create cool complicated conversations (with other students but sorry i couldn't come up with more words that start with c)'"
the teacher told us to choose from the answer choices a or b
how dare you!
once it gets to 100k infected we can officially use this plagues inc style map
im in position
this virus reminds me of the black death
we only learned recently that rat fleas were the reason, didn't we?
they believe it started in china where rats would then infect traders who would trade with europeans
fuck
see what happens
idk who that is
our usa president everyone
is getting people to buy his bullshit
sis you are a noob
bring back the monarchy!
japan elections go by so quick your like nani
its all about theater here
although the usa doesn't really have an official one
last time people were lining up and walking to canada
i say let them all freeze
also my headset arrived today
but i like sword
i meant june 2019
and mitch
i don’t want the switch
i’ll take flubs with me
no one knows what that means...?
i meant friday
yeah gummy cant stop time
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
oh she is cute
damn it, she says don’t come to russia, but i always wanted to see the russian empire
yea agreed. however his justification for doing it that way was that he teaches like 6 courses a semester, and his hw pile is ginormous, and he's 60 and he's getting more tired as time rolls on
no come back i didnt mean it
idk theyll probably announce it at e3 or something
oh seems like corphish is heading to e3
hey gummy are you looking forward to april fools day this year?
look at his motherboard
build it
lmfao, i'd totally do that proof though
it definitely works like that
stop being almost 20
i gotta add y'all on switch lol
yeah so are 320,000,000 other americans
and i feel like i heard there are different ways to make an rng so theyre all different
oh right
though once again i don't take this family/sibling/twin thing seriously unless it's sis
and sis would be disappointed i bs an answer about icelandic canadians
100% sure kiss ain't a skullkidfan thing prank cause she did a face reveal last night
he's seeding the lottery with the social security number of the previous winner
and i already hit puberty by that vid
then the sinnoh fandom will be sad
i will burn you and the turtle
get me into this chat room
drago
i cant even tell if gummy is being serious or not at this point
i love this show
i see
usually the insults are worse
he can smite people at will but not viruses
but gums doesn’t wanna make mood bad
sounds like an idea
gummy what did you do
i mean ww1 was bound to happened because tensions
i like this music
but at 6 am
drop things?
i can't sleep because i'm in pain
pokemon moon is helping me a bit with ptsd and my mid life crisis
too bad i don’t have the vids anymore
sylveon is bad and should feel bad
nier automata is about butts
pokemon has been cancelled due to bringina feeling a bit ill
her husband came after me
yeah
cause fnatic
won't be there today, this has been a week from hell and i just need it to be over
i see
oh nice
he even said that this is his 10 times saying that
he speaks javascript
brb trying something on kelly
good gummy
and im at work so im not texting and driving
they're fun if you're the one wielding them
never dealth with ruby either
a darn book
your life is to be around gummy like everyone else
also brb
can probably pilfer textures from existing things though
how long do you recommend
how many men must fail for every buffet to succeed
whats the lowest i can invest?
it's also going to be in free fall for a little while, so don't buy anything now
i am
me too
im an adult
and it'll be awkward
ah, double standards
it's never a good idea mentally to wait if someone is getting to you, i realize it may be awkward at grad but you gotta think about you're feeling right now
i think i will
delightful person
seems like gumland makes you happy then
this server, though i cant talk here a much, still makes me super happy
i will do this 100%
cause gums smart with server
im pretty sure people enjoy the political talk and news
how far did you get?
i love partial derivatives
you can go by the form in the channel description or you can go through the full 100 axis
i am a god in a world of ants
the great thing is that when chaos comes everyone thinks they'll be the king on top and welcome it for that
no master
wait you can watch me
im alone a lot but i feel surrounded by lovely people
save some of it for the rest of us jeez
i didnt realize other people got to weigh in on that
see that was always my theory about heaven
yes sis, right away sis
sis why are you up?!
i think my favorite things so far was learning about linear independence and invertible matrices, and theorems for determinants
fuck
do homework early?
i knew it was fake
also even though i lean left, i don't like bernie sanders and while he would definitely be better than trump, i don't think he deserves to be president
ida when i say young i mean "not my grandma's age"
then we would know your full name lol
bloomberg might be the worse one nvm
yes sis...
well i do have an exam starting in 7 hours
i mean in terms of running cause he may want to after trying in 16
you and god must have some connection
i did something stupid
i know
alright?
now im sitting in pain
walmart is whatever though
co worker died
i liked pete until he started roasting people for no reason
the only woman to hold office in canada is crazy as fuck
regardless if it's biden or sanders, i think they would be smart to pick kamala harris
and in bernie's case it may be good for him to have a more moderate running mate
i guess punch, not kick. but you get the spirit
i don't see trump changing vice presidents
glad i could help :\)
he destroyed them. oh god
they should just give it back to cartoon network
drago, how?
wait i wanna hear lewd joke
we should probably stop talking about skarm now
how the fuck do they poo
or imaginary
more training is needed
that
i don't think putin can run next election
theyre the bits inside the dangly thing beneath the dong
what if youre the new guy?
that's my hope anyway
because i do
flubs ask drago
y'shtola rhul
papalymo's the brains of the duo, yda's the ditz who can punch stuff well
smart and sassy, big fan favorite
mustton not now
balloons?
that animal thing sis
that's its pom
i don't think we do though
are you calling me slow?!
epic
it's
ngl i'm probably top three in the list of eyan twitch regulars of all time
or are those not out yet?
to be fair ash rained hell there too
i'm curious to see who she's gonna endorse
it's just nuts that the most diverse list of candidates now boils down to two old white men
people
hot coffee it is
no becasue you're incompetent
so bernie
i am against it but i don't give a fuck about what you do
reduce greenhouse gases
as for international stuff
i fucked up
america
this
that was decisive
basically my me as my oc, and well what do you guys think?
it's not embarrassing
which is better?
look at then
that is so me
how dare you call her creepy
i have been officially offered and accepted part time permanently at my workplace!!!
nice work gums!
tbh it’s been less ponies lately since show ended
if that
start of original skype group
also how to properly ignore you without letting on that im ignoring you
i used to be like that
bringy
yeah but itd be violent
every time he talks it just brightens your day, y'know?
this is why nerds have the best jokes
but let's playing is kind of dying anyway so yeah
it’s not that hard
same sis
the secret to success in zeal server is have that one active person
flubs
he doesn’t even need it now
for some weird reason i find his commentary relaxing
you are lazy
also mitch i can vc you soon
take a video and ask him
why lol
he's probably outside sleepin on his bed
it sucks and i hate it
wait he disappeared?
im trying to promote bacon
i know you all don’t watch my streams  but is it bad or good that i keep a stormy profile pic somewhere on the overlay?
maybe
i could make a few different jokes about having a third hand sticking out of my butt and they're all in varying degrees of poor taste
something something prismo something something monkeys paw
alright kiddos
my thing? mens' fashion
i give you a b-
thanks teacher drago
but i did all i can and i only slept a few hours
ie suits
but when hes home he prolly wont be
also seems like he is now a streamer
10:30
i watched a few of her vids as well
though im getting tired of mcdonalds
also flubs
and my health ain't good for deep fry stuff all the time
flubs your taste is the shit
it sucks and i love it
well flubs
and if you have no clue why lately i been thinking about youtube and twitch is ever since i got that last supergummying channel banned, i been watching my old vids again
okay
i dont understand but i appreciate it
seriously
i don’t know...
lets just forget all of that sis
(i have the game though)
but wait
try not to be nervous
scream animal crossing and promote my social media
unless if there'd be like
brother im workin
take a guess
and it ain’t animal crossing either
early morning roast
exactly lol
i really liked watching chugga first luigi mansion
also im not bringing back “what’s up kiddies”
that doesn't even make any sense
this streaming is fun
sis he was like one of my only friends back then
demon lord lets plays arent allowed to die until i say they can die
and then skip a few years i only mostly listen to sis
even though mccann scared away many viewers
what do you mean by that though?
iirc i didn't accept until cuddles told me to go ahead
back then he hated people making games
i think schools in indianapolis have closed
nah sis
i like him but imma try to avoid his bad gambling addiction in the future
i would have beaten drago
and then my current one is sub-par
and has the power to make good chnages
but i have some ranch left over
ooo bringy
so basically the only social media i have is the gummy twitter
i have never
it was
gummy now has to come out of the closet
~~yeah because even mitch can beat it~~
you are no lord
how awesome
that sounds like rabbits are made of quite a few indigestible decomposing biochemicals
whaaat
people make it look easy to get subs
come on, you know i had to look for the pony version
>why was i the only one who failed
bringy told me this and i think sis told me this before
lmao
i killed 15
her smile annoys me
wait that's you?
wrong
drago how the fuck does ash have gengar and a dragonite
and apparently he claim in an interview
because ash is a god ever since winning the league lol
the man is fucking op
and lost hard
apparently his dragonite hugs him a lot
so hes motivated now
the stakes have been raised
tempting
ep 16
let's say win the league
you won't make it
tbh it would be neat to watch sun and moon with you and bringy
~~wonder why you aren't watching unova hmmmmm~~
already seen ti
no...
someone posted a slavery meme
like this
what is pokemon?
i swear imma punch this girl in my class
says the person who wants to do their own pokemon binge
i wonder would you get banned from discord if you posted straight up porn?
yeah
yeah
which was good
safe tags
\||do this  \||
fuck no
cause knowing bunni and flubs
there
frickin
hoenn
much better
i think i ran into ida in summer 2014 or so but it might have been 2015
good memories back then
in zeal server?
hes fucking op

not even drago figured me out fast
i like bossing people around
jk jk
it is safe to post
and he doesn't bother to talk to me!
i think the manechat split changed a lot
now where was i?
trump is huffing and puffing
winning the hurt game what did u do
i believe it was
lets hope they don’t cancel lol esports
hmmm
those two arent one and the same, but high propagation can lead to higher mortality rate due to cases overflowing the healthcare infrastructure and having more hosts for a chance to mutate from
that was one funny outtake
oh a character
im a little worried
thanks gummy love you
i mean you did call me a fat kid 4 minutes ago but sure
i didn't i was talking about something else 😦
right exactly
ultra sun never fails to trigger me
how am i crazy?
it was only until...
only complaint is that there was only 1 flubs in chat and thats not really on you
just because other people are crazier doesn't mean you're not crazy
or anything that is muzzleloading
better not touch na lol esports
the lol world championships this year are hosted in china
drago, what do you have against ham?
i have never seen a leader do that before
also
dad got back from work
give me
yes that is what i meant, maybe my wording was off
mouth masks aren't great because your eyes are also an entry point. full face masks work better but usually run on filters that cost $80 and last 24 hours
might just be a different country thing then
biochemistry needs gloves much more than goggles anyway. people in analytics course might be usin them for some specific classes tho, if i had to hazard a guess
you are not kirby
she talks like a robot
sleep early
gummy is fiction
i'm waiting for news to come out saying trump has corona because it wouldn't be a shock at this point when he came in contact with the brazil president
yes he prob would
that's the messed up part there are people that still support him it makes me sick
dunning-krueger effect, i think
will there be a carbon tax?
you sure about that?
i'd rather be under canadian consveratives
i just worry because of this morning when saskatoon said they had their first case
yeah it helps but i got a job man
i'm probably gonna skip going home for easter or for my siblings' birthday
yeah that's why i shared this here specifically
because its a virus, isnt it gonna mutate and shit?
thursday, march 19, 2020 - wednesday, march 25, 2020
yeah i should be safe
what makes it boring
then we move on the switch briefly
new estimated delivery date:
just have a decent following and active, you can email them
blitz
arriving 19 mar - 25 mar
riots all over the place
it's nice to see them with a more fleshed out personality
it's owned by a dirtbag, for one
"i'm sorry to know that your pre order item that is to be delivered today has not shipped yet. please do not worry, i'll check the details and try my best to help you."
i hate that guy
i am gonna burn all of amazon down
i like these people for getting me free shit
i take back everything i just said
my pleasure
i think it's funny and bad
like i said
yeah
insert italian joke here
so i prob won't take a day off
i need to clean everywhere
xi is a robot, change my mind
like with detergent or something
and said $480.55 has been charged on it
they need it for bathroom breaks
i've been
maybe it’s the virus?
i also believe in equity
thanks both
you have a time limit and they say the basic things that i already know
your brothers prob miss you, and well from what you told me, i don’t think the virus will be an issue
i think im one of the few people though that can’t be around family that long cause fights breakout
wait
i need like at least 2 days of rest before making the return trip
at this point im literally used to it
i think so
i want this man as president
could you
jean-christophe
trump said once neo nazis and people defending against them had good people on both sides
im pretty sure i acted nothing like a nazi back then, and im pretty sure i still don’t act like one to this day
it uh, did not go well
well you've got six days
but it’s cute
yeah something like that
i don't really care
oh yoiu mean a different welcome message for each guild
so instead of this
recursion is limited to 2000 characters
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
was it?
what can bot actually do?
actually now that i think about it
wait is bot not a global const?
interesting
yeah i guess
oh her!!
out of all the games you showed me, it’s my fave
why does that guy look like a lion
why cant pokemon characters look normal
objectively wrong
and thatd be sick
if biden is elected we would prob have an obama coalition again
i think it's likely his running mate will end up taking over the ticket in 2024 assuming he wins
...could he make trump his running mate?
nah i think that was before he was speaker
he's gonna be too old to run for a second term
but then we found something we didn’t agree on
dear god
all prisoners should be executed for population control
we must kill some innocent for population control
he’s not trolling
if you had the views of kim running for pm in canada i would cut ties with you and leave
however
i hope so
ironic that it's called the people's party when most of the people apparently have far right views
he’s trying to get me to move to the right
he says sanders is communist
though he doesn’t think biden is mafia
> my dad also believes kim jong un should run canada
whats going on tonight?
they are central
ndp and green are left
like where they say men shouldn’t exist
i don’t fully support them, thats a difference
then again, sis doesn’t want a cool castle
when i get back on final fate
thats not fair or true mitch
yall talk too dang much
gummy i could literally push you over and you wouldnt be able to do anything about it
you said creative costume, huh
no screw off, bot
i believe he told me it was alabama
one of you guys told me i had cancer cause a cat sniff me
hello blitzypoo
i had a dream that i drove my mom's van through the wall of the house once
daily streaming hasn’t been going well since i took a tiny break on thursday
wtf why does everyone wanna separate from canada
mitch imma tell you something surprising
it wasn’t that mitch
that was the issue
he tax people on gas to help stop climate change but did the opposite with that
i go back to my argument saying people can hate politicians all they want but it's a needed qualification
is to really shut down anyone dumping waste in the ocean
same
i saw plastic bags flying everywhere
difference is
a musket can shoot down like one person a minute, if you get lucky with your aim and don't get interrupted reloading
this would stress me out a lot
what you guys think?
also yes...i would probably wanna build a gothic castle for myself. i like to make it represent me
i also kept other things we have talked about
what about boris johnson
oh nice
where everything is now circle
thats my new channel
i think the thing with pollution
im not crazy im deranged
mine is better!!
also you'd have to actually play the game
then i can play
is that the one i used viner hand itc all over the place
flubs do i sound more or less nasally in your head
nightshade sounds german?
idk she sounds kinda american to me almost
according to you i sound depressed so i dont trust you gummy
sometimes we stay away from the things we like because they suck. uberfacts is worse than meth
and even if its true what does that even mean
he misses flubs
guys
and mitch, trudeau won’t annex usa
cnn?!
dunno
then you have parents threaten to bring students to teachers if schools closed down
it was all just stuff you had learned already, completely pointless
lpt: never call something a "literacy test" its got a nasty past
everyone
no we did, that was just an extra requirement you had to do
because everyone's related
alright new supergummying channel
never thought i would ever see canada close borders
thatd be good. no more canada
flubs
that makes sense actually
don't compare me to that movie
as long as my head doesnt get used as a arm rest by taller person again im good
and air pollution
but tune in tomorrow maybe?? for pokemon finale
the rat
oh sis, i got this toy
i think i know why i like playing with toys, it’s my happy spot in brain
my little sis and me are at our worse today in terms of insult
no sis..but i tend to chew on a lot of things
he's old, i bet she could make it look like an accident
the last time i told bringy this joke, she used a squirt bottle of me
americans are the least prepared
you will with an alligator
you don't get it here in america if you are poor and can't pay taxes you are punished but if you are swimming in cash they don't care if you don't pay
we all know trump doesn't unless it seems so because he doesn't want to release his tax returns
it was a business trip not a vacation
good news
i should cancel switch
rat attack
would think gamestop would restock them when the game comes out
i already threw two temper tantrums at amazon
lol i'm ever gonna beat gen 7
itai no wa iya nano de bougyoryoku ni kyokufuri shitai to omoimasu 
i should have bought switch at chick fil a
well that wasn't very nice of her
congrats
its too late for that to work now
something about the eues
she would love it
i've attempted it twice and haven't gotten one attack off
i'm amazed gummy was able to beat him because he is literally impossible
stormy would hate me if she saw i suggested that
.....
i am very happy my first true series on stream is done
hey at least i didn't ignore pokemon refresh
a squirt bottle
danganronpa 2 has a russian roulette scene
sis, permission to burn jeff guy who owns amazon?
don't read the comments, spoilers
ditto
dont listen to her gummy you dont need a good reason to set someone on fire
and anywhere you are is a good place to go if you want to practice social distancing
i never thought i would say this but i think biden has a legit shot at beating trump given the virus situation or if anything it would be a very close race
agreed
what is wrong with you like give me a break
will be either platinum or danganronpa
im playing destiny 😦
join and listen while playing?
you should be a pokemon boobie streamer xd
i dont appreciate it
our units are cooler because one of them is named after a part of the body
probably actually
10% of the followers are friends, the rest are random
your regularly scheduled cynicism will resume shortly
well no!
i think i managed to get up to 40 followers on twitch and like . . . 35 of them were friends
i meant your wii u and whatever
so, yeah
maybe you have one that can take the funny tv cables that the wii uses
it's part of a fan-made mod
oikay
you have to press start, select, l and r right before the poké ball shakes for the third time
no it doesnt shut up
dammit stormy
what no i meant for the ability to throw poké balls
pokepark is kinda meh, i think the first game was better than second
what the frig is pokepark
think it's a troll article
guys
that just seems like a bad business decision
too bad you weren’t close by, i wouldn’t mind letting you borrow mine
i do want to be an author
oh congrats!
it's very bad in italy apparently hospitals are failing and 300 are dying a day
lubs
maybe i should order one
the number has been rising hour by hour
thought you wouldn't move for another few years
get demon lord to do one
you should watch that funny vid
here
this is blessed
my pleasure
okay so switch is coming either tomorrow or monday
also i take it with the no replies from earlier
gummy is everywhere
i mean yes
because i never say anything about him thats chill
how about in an hour?
by 2025 they'll probably change their company name to funko-pop stop
or alternatively, bestbest buy
gums wants to stream but he can't
gummy you being mad at something isnt anything new
btestesb buy
and calculus tells imaginary numbers to take a hike most of the time and sticks to being operable in r^n
not the same one as the kitty
mine looks basic
i was reading an email okay
not that far
i'm making some stuff for you
did you get an error message saying you were currently wearing the best equipment?
it says gears for an arcanist equipped
it's like someone cut karna in half and stuck rarity's head on
i've finished the body and legs
wait am
i have no idea
it's because you need two to learn it
this guy
well if you don't already have the same one, yes
oh my
oh okay
which is basically me
gummy do you need a hug
no thanks
but even if i have switch
i wanted to stream animal crossing
it is
i need to talk to someone about something stupid everyday
but see we killed all the big ones already and we kept the little ones as pets to minimze the threat while keeping the weak as a token of conquest
i accidentally punched my cat in the face
watch your back
i can make it all ritual-like
i decides to stop at walmart to look at toys
i should have realized sooner since it clearly said made in china on the back
~~but you are so i'll just have you do everything for me instead~~
hey transformers are my life
yay i teleported
also the second nightshade appears the lurkers come out
wait i'm sorry
it was an accident she jumped onto my desk as i was reaching for my controller t.t
or was plotting my death
cause sis owns it flubs
oh you corrected it
awww
unless sis says no
and don’t tell me to re read msgs
oh boy
so true?
i mean i have it, im not very clear
like i said animal crossing doesn't have a lot of things to do at this point
...what?
completely forget which
since i done most of the thigns
im more impressed that there is a hashtag thanking him lol
that was beto o rourke's downfall
greater than or less then in complex numbers aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
im at high risk tomorrow
yeah but minus four hours
i have exactly 1 other morning bird in my life 💔
im scared
tiny flies that go around in clouds
i been hearing the same thing happen in california
who?
but can you over a ukrainian accent?
no drago, the issue is my parents want me back at my hometown and not the city
but not today
she knows you got a switch and is hiding
bringy would never hide from me
spoiler: yes
but...she’s been afk all day
she has this pokemon as her signature one
hmmm
too bad the other girl is anti greta
platinum is good but its too darn slow
gen 2...clair??
even though she talked like a robot
i think thats how you spell her name
gummy why are they all wearing off-brand google glass
gen 4 would be mars and jupiter
it’s not confirmed but hinted a bit that the blue and purple hair girls were crushed to death
team rocket trap those two in a net in their building
platinum or x and y
also ida cynthia's a history nerd and she has hair partially covering one eye, come on
pretty sure i scratched the screen
i don’t give a fuck if i have 0 viewers
now don’t tell me that it doesn’t have alcohol in it
dying and being declared dead are different
surprisingly similar to youtube but i don't find it awful for once
im making alcohol
i still have the logs
alright i feel bad for that
but one wants sour cream, which i don't wanna use
isnt buttermilk on its own really sour?
why would you compare the two
prof looked at my midterm and said looks like i aced it, or at least "very close to"
yall are fucking barbarians
that's okay because the queen's got at least another 50 years ahead of her
is he the one that was at the epstein island all the time
that was prince andrew
thats such a strange tweet
i want sis as president
[vomits all over the presidents of the united states posters in middle schools all across the country]
am i the only one who thinks bernie should just suspend due to the primary being over pretty much
theyre pretty much saying that people arent allowed to take sick days
not that i think mcdonalds actually has good food, but jesus christ
anyways
yummy
here is the source
but i have issues consuming most sweets
that's illegal
why didn't you bring your stream setup with you?
now this is stressful
so i guess you're not able to just make another profile on your switch and have a separate town on that one right?
but yeah that all made sense
well then ill just play it myself, who knows when capcom finally announces aa7
i personally asked saturday off
i didn't know you could do that
yikes you live in new york hope you are staying safe
gummy will time travel after all
well maybe...
also napoleon was in charge of elba before he left so this works sooo well
i got the special animal crossing switch
gummy has just realized the joycons have batteries
i thought those were scratches
i don't remember ever seeing residue on mine
bravely default two
god i wish i could use a switch
gummy internet will get better once he’s back to his territory
im a couple days behind people in animal crossing
apparently you are the only person that didn't know they need charged
so i assume the screen needed charging
curse you mall
one moment
who the fuck is dan
sorry nightshade but i gotta destroy your house\
though as much as i like this switch thing
xbox
oh thank god i can say no
yeah lol
mai factor?
and he has said stupid things before
people keep electing stupid people
both are rapist
if only you didn't have to be born in america to run for president
i remind her a month after
got 100% on my linear algebra midterm 2! yus
permission to punch her?
wii u
i remember first time going through the exam, before i went and rewent through all the problems to check my work
yeah that's usually where i mess up too
if it does i might have to wait to go in the mid summer
you want a fuckin roof? get building
i need the integral of e^(-.5xx) since infections are an accumulated value
long story short, if every particle in the observable universe was a bit, you still wouldn't be able to contain it
my dad called
nah my dad says the un guy should have warn people sooner
yes voting for biden is better than trump
but i still would feel uncomfortable voting for the other rapist
i said voting for biden is better than trump
racist
violating the constitution
reps would have nothing on him the hunter biden thing happened when he wasn't president
biden will at least put the brakes on free-fall instead of firing the rocket thrusters at the sky
the problem is, because biden’s accuser talked about what biden did to her
did bernie commit to the female vp?
instead he brought out all of the rednecks who would otherwise have just sat in their sheds with the ar-15s and complained that john kasich or whoever was just another one of the educated elite who didn't care about them
kasich :(
if anything kasich was more tolerable now inb4 i watch a messed up clip of him and my opinion changes
sums up the 2016 gop race
no wonder trump won this thing
i always find it kind of fun to look at all the candidate logos for the ones who had no chance
that's the part she never seemed to explain
yeah
yes he was a libertarian
~~nah sis is just avoiding you~~
i should probably think about games earlier in the day once in a while
same thing
so youre only good for 12 hours  a day, is what youre saying
thanks gummy, im rich and cool
well the math nerds of ole agreed to that one for the sake of making probability a cleaner calculation or something
yeah it really was
yeah
and had a 10 year old voice
now this fact seems dumb
idk how to even say that word
i ate a cookie and hated it
why do you think i carry salt packs with me in my pockets all the time?
well you have a point sis
nobody observe them
wow graphics are great
yes sis
but it's like 5 pm your time
well sorta
ive only played like 3 final fantasies and they look nothing like ones they make now
and some of the non-heretics are also very sane
the intro was the most exciting part
good point
im trying to convince my family im a vampire
what else am i supposed to do?
like fear of cameras sort of thing?
it's only the aunts + mom for some reason. literally nobody else gives me a hard time about it.
i must not play any more video games until i get things done. i must not play any more video games until i get things done. i must not play any more video games until i get things done. i must not play any more v
i am too tbh
im easily triggered by a slight thing
basically i struggle to tell people apart
this is a good thing
demonlord i'm allergic to cannabis, so that is out for me
like, hair is my best way of telling who's who
wait its possible to be allergic to weed?
i've heard it's good for relaxing nerves, but that's really all i know
which is really saying something
in my experience, no drug has made me feel worse than weed
i didn't read it right
there we go, helping each other
now time to marry the ones that don't
calm down sis
but i have an idea
yeah for sure, losing someone ain't easy at all
cool
no overlay, no fancy shit
gummy i spelled rhyme right first try
is because it was my first walkthrough game before my supergummying days
gummy if you want i can make covers for ya
idc if you are low battery
gummy everyone knows youre the best server owner
so credit goes to sis
yeaj
the only reason im a decent owner is because i have no life
look the bot gets lonely, _someone's_ got to play with him
feed rabbit gummies
oh god
where's the fun in doing things the easy way
had to move revalatia sadly
think i put switch on the floor?
his grandmother died this weekend
it's actually even easier from a gateway
people in the comments are saying he was fired for violating quarantine, but amazon suddenly caring aobut that feels a bit like the boy crying wolf
happy mod day bringy
blitzypoo
he needed more ram in order to play it
website
in a serious way yes, in a funny way yes
then bought the full version on the website
i can give it to you if you need it
when did i become currency
what, a third pokepark game?
i wish i had it on recording
actually define first level do u mean the one on good egg galaxy
woahh
“usa is messed up, are you really surprised?”
god damn it, dad must have changed the network admin password
sword and shield
if someone! mitch didn’t tell me to sell wii u
and no
i made it up to 241 power stars in galaxy 2
for me im pretty strong but by normal metrics not really
cause i don’t wanna be online tomorrow
aggressive lad
for your bday
lifes a joke and im the star
the launch of bacon will be funny
i think you should have given up a long time ago
and i can't play my wii games with wii u cause i sold it
galaxy 2 summed up: mario spaceship
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
at the end of the day it all comes down to personal preference, both games are objectively the same, which is to say amazing no matter which one
flubs v superman
which first level
the pruning message really should go in a logging channel but every time it appears yall say something funny so i leave it in
i can't help it xd
kugal are you a canadian in disguise?
i need to be mean to balance things out
maybe it's not that i'm super nice
but i like my vans
are they white
and a year older
nobody respects the double joke :(
they were $98
i remember what youtuber i watched called koopas or at least the bouncing green ones “humping turtles”
i'm signing off
thank aminal
oh right
flubs happy birthday
thank you both
fuck its april's fool
but sis would kill me\
im prob the most aggressive one here
clearly you have trapped yourself
> aren't i nice?
no
oh nice
congrats, you're famous
thanks, i think ヽ( ｡ ヮﾟ)ノ
youcould make the prank being acting clever for a day
that's for halloween
and i am clever?
while im sitting here watching, wow i did say i wanted the world fo burn once
i guess that works
so we went to her
it's always weird about things like this
oh i can hear some volume
something
white mage
no clue, ask sis, she prob knows
they were more like tutorials
thought it was mordred
so if i get this game, will i be okay? or do i need to get the past games to understand story?
though its story might be written with the assumption that people will expect it to be like the other games
i never do anything about today
final fantasy issues with laptop
seems like a waste
though it's flubs bday
i moved around and realized it wasn’t like mario 3d land
(she thought it was endlessly funny)
there made up my mind
lets call it dan day then
im interested
guys quick we need more innuendos
i want to play black mage
okay then black wage, white mage, and i will think about two other classes
you must first
wreck the black mage
man this sounds better than fire emblem
it's agnes
the other two protagonists are a farm boy named tiz and a guy called ringabel cause he can't remember his name
she looks like one of those maids in pokemon
not quite as interesting as the mysterious d's journal
because of course it is
he was still here a bit after posting that
they finally found out
but it was the last thing he said here
best wii sports resort game
can be anyone, even a fictional character
i forget what it's called
but no im conducting this survey because im curious
im a little stumped by this one
gummy do you want a list of people from me also or is this one sufficient?
john is just a very social dude but hes also a really good business man, my aunt marie is really fucking smart
i love how mafia that sounds
i mean, how i get killed by real mafia people who think im in the mafia
can i steal obama
then there was this one english teacher i had in high school who was pretty cool (yes, english class, i know)
same
sis you are dark
for fictional characters
no i'm just a discworld fan
at one point he tried to do the schrodinger's cat experiment but decided it was too cruel and took the cat from the box
was he in the wee free men? i remember seeing someone talking in small caps for some reason but i cant remember if he was in the wee free men
willie was the loser
what happened this morning?
did i tell you i attempted to get bringy a laptop for her bday?
oh and i happen to tell her that today out of all days
serena's mom is cute too
for trying to buy her expensive stuff
i saw this on facebook so imma do it
nice middle name
8/14
nooo drago
i don't think so
drago stop violating the circlejerk, all new stuff is bad
i deliberately left family members off the list because that feels like kind of the easy answer
but like kida
i still want a brand new jacket
never
i thought you love benny the most
gummy doesn't get basic slang
come on be honest, it even looks like one
florida looks like a knob
my parents are also going crazy because there's more provisions for how businesses are supposed to handle this
be nice
that was like 10 seconds
kugal no stop being nice :(
that would be between two raised to the kugal and kugal raised to the kugal
ive got this one pain in my back i cant get rid of
but also kugal glad that his loved ones are still safe
drago
yes and i'm wearing it right now
am in the women's section?
kugal to be fair she does use a musharna in unova
oooh thanks for having my back drago ;p
me too
~~i don't need to wish~~
ida wanna trade hair
but i was in the store
i thought ted cruz was tom cruise
gummy did do everything to help her
but now recently they just said that employee may have virus
so im likely okay
tomorrow i need to head back to the city to retrieve my work papers
sis is a bit sick
asthma
but my dad says sanders is a godfather
schizophrenia
i'm worried about my grandma tbh
tense
im worried more about people’s um mental condition of this virus? maybe that’s the word
hopefully everyone will be okay
i ran out of materials though
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
depends on the stupid thing
kugal i'm going to start a stopwatch and i need you to target one hug every thirty seconds
what did you do
you made me like rare steaks, sis made me nicer, drago got me quit youtube
some do, yes ye
haven't talked to that one
he refuses
i was gonna play final fantasy today but well sis wasn’t online so i didn’t get on
instead i proceeded to punch my laptop a few times today
i was doing an essay due next week
it froze on me
bit of a testament to how virulent this thing is that you need to be wary of places that you were a week ago :p
and it didn’t auto save anything
also i realized im bubble gum here lol
well since im stuck and bored besides essay
gummy wheres todays weird question
fuck
for me it was watching chugga and eyan on youtube that made me wanted to create a username and do youtube which eventually led to all of this
my irl friends and i don't have anything in common that much
though still think it's easier to talk online than irl
dunno if there's many different types of malt
or tortillas
like it depends what it is
but for like for milkshake flavours, i’ll try anything
i gotta prepare my taste buds though
no kugal not so fast, you need to pace yourself! you don't want to burn out on hugs too fast!
so i gotta basically go back to eu mode and try everything or im stuck at mcdonald’s forever
i think that qualifies as "my own dang fault"
though you wouldnt be able to walk properly without your big toe
what bone?
some of my college blurred together so maybe its true
though you're right drago, its a little disorienting if you stop and think about it
i pay you a full wage
mitch don't be mean, you'll put me out of work
no flubs this started before the societal collapse
my family loves both
why are you using my middle name all of the sudden
demon lord is dan
kugal's legal name is charlie the good boy
so kugal sad
i have him on facebook
"michael why did you add a bunch of random people from halfway across the globe?" "i dunno mom, some of the people in my high school decided to move really really far away"
five below what
i know kugals name is charlie
he wont wake up because he has standards above dumpster diving
yeah but when he wakes up ill be asleep so its gonna throw an error
what kind of coin then?
i want in and out burger though
she sounds like she's being interrogated
well...
which is one of the reasons i'm taking so long to get through botw
first video game
jello!
its a dog with a sword in its mouth. its on the boxart
that sounds like the opposite of having coins
what gothic movie shall i watch tonight flubs?
ive got the bw and the hgss
you are fine
tsar putin tsar putin
i finally live in an age to maybe see a tsar again
sooo
my senile 95 year old chainsmoking grandmother looks younger than trump
err putin or trump?
trump probably has wet dreams of being like putin
trump is a wannabe emperor
id say trump is better
but he pulls some strings
pick
kim jong un or trump
the only thing trump doesn't do kim jong things is because it would be hard to get away with
trump
that laura ingraham has to be paid to say what she says because i've never seen a female with that much conservative beliefs
so everyone can see it
im returning to youtube
with this video i will replicate
if trump was so fed up in the 80s he should have just ran maybe he would have won lol
because he is an idiot which btw he was involved with a model named stormy daniels
i once made a dnd character who was a rogue called scarlet cross
sorry, spent all the present money on ryan gosling
yeah the tools breaking are the stupidest
is mitch one?
<a:a_wind_faceofmercy:590514191736242186>
i stole peach from u in ac already. uve already ceased to be useful for me
it's not that horrifying
use a wii zapper
> eh my sister is a little messed up
"a little"
...ah
what you guys think?
amazing gummy
i assume new york for you
yeah but putin called him up so hes gotta
fuckin yeah
this means i should probably look through my other old accounts that have shit passwords for any other cracks
do you want one sis?
we only had that one night of hangouts awhile ago
nope
this guy gets it
do i have to teach you how to make friends again?
flubs
“jackbox games probably. idk if i have anything else people would be interested in”
jackbox is on steam tho
apparently on ps4 as well
ehhh
i dont know any of the words beyond that
now then
wtf is this
this is what my little sister texted me yesterday
my friend that who i've told about you guys wants to know your opinion on cyberpower's computers cos he keeps reading mixed stuff, thanks pals
i think so
your irl sis scares the hecc outta me
just remember, nothing is as overpriced as the computers dell advertises to businesspeople in my newspaper
<:skarmthink:692790214531350608>
more of an everyday pc or gaming?
then maybe we have issue
pls do\
500 gb ssd is one windows 10 plus nine times fallout 4
i heard they were going to close events to the public but good lord
i don't think
i think her friends do
but at the playground they somehow turned on me, prob what my sister said to those two, and i think my sister’s friend’s brother threaten me, then i believe he told or said something to my classmate that was also at the playground
tensions were high on the way home but i think at that point they all shut up because of what i did
a lot
before her friends meet me, she tells them all the nasty things about me which aren’t true
so when i meet them they want to fight me
ever since we moved to city
fun fact that classmate i fought
sounds fun
im always bad with trips
true
napoleon's mother was a hamster and his father smelled of elderberries
shut up
no one knows about this
but with more flubs
nooo
now i deny all allegations that it was me that destroy skype group
because they pretty much werent
gummyland is stupid
different worlds i get it
doesnt mean i like any less (yall are my favorite), its just very different dynamics
nahvec
nope don't remember
as long as no one dies
but flubs was an issue
she is good at pokemon
i kicked her butt with a shuckle
mega
zach likes everyone
he doesnt count
is gums cute?
i'm gonna sleep
never met him
chugga i assume would be the hardest?
ah the days before the minecraft let's players took over youtube
i have one to chip in
but i'm busy disagreeing with this physics lecture on the basis of angular physics sucking
that person
developed in 2959
corphish and i were rivals and people joke that we would never get popular
and then corphish gets 50k subs
did he actually?
i think corphish criticized your vids once drago lol
this was before he was popular
i wasn't too too sure
i mean, they got it to the moon
pony vids work
a five-second reaction video of anges shouting "unacceptable" has more traffic than _almost the entirety of my 130-video bravely default let's play_
foiled again
bios
bringy and me have platinum planned next
but stream is on haitus
i would even put new horizons ahead for me
we'll see if new horizons becomes my new favorite once i get around to picking it up
i could definitely see myself getting way into new horizons, but new leaf just didn't do it for me
it's not as bad as most places, but you can still save a bit more if you build your own
canada sure is obsessed with wanting to have us states
what the actual hecc
oh right the conservative party lol
there are 600 states
it's 50 lol
because they burned down the white house
blue vs red
can't believe the british choked in the american revolution
because france, spain, and netherlands helped
wonder how it would play out in alternate history if the colonists lost
trump hates mitt romney though and he's republican
i still get along with the old forum people and i apparently still get along with you lot, but we've already seen how that does not go badly when those two groups intersect
anti lgbt
king harald v of norway
we got bored
no your drivers license gets two points and then is killed
but his fave pony is rarity
granted that's mainly the governors and trump's fault for not doing a nationwide lockdown
i want somebody who can win the nominee and beat trump i think biden is that person as of right now
i bet he would be better than biden and trump
"we've forgotten the crackers"
bios
and also the one where the knight saves the dragon from the evil princess
indeed
future gummy will thank present gummy
who wants to join?
gummy has homework during a pandemic what is this
so after a few weeks of not being able to figure out where it came from, i just threw a classic `if (you should not be able to talk to this) { dont() }` at the top of the code file and boom, problem solved
good for their search engine optimization, probably
why did they opt for begin end instead of {}? that's like 6 more characters per block and makes chaining them look even worse
they didn't
i just did it that way because it looks stupid
tom scott you mad, mad lad
with touch screen
i'm generally at my laptop
okay
i swear if he dies it would suck
true but you gotta think boris is currently in office and i don't think a pm at least in the uk has died in office
ok gummy;s sister, take notes from drago's sister, this is how you do it
hi dad
you can't
....am i that predictable?
a parrot
m!tree
maybe it violated the second law of thermodynamics and made ida smarter but gummy dumber
i dont feel like opening my main
well
sure it has
oh wow he has a lot more sabers than grievious does
get them into good habits
except you probably should use some discipline on the regulars and mods
same
it's hard though because the last time i did that
hence why i am just like "pls don't do that again?
thats no good
6 actions per second yes
is he actually being rate limited?
so the one on top is the one that affects color?
probably
now this one is sooo me
cryptography math is beautiful
i've been manually making reimann sums when that function's been around this whole time
i don't think i've run into a functoin to do that
biggest loser
i thought the main concern was the audit log being messed up
because i am a goose
that just looks inefficient though
classy
stuff like summons and mayhem role is all hard-coded and you can't actually access it without being one of us
for comparison
that doesn't include the additional margin of additional features we want to add
eyansays probably next time
do you actually want that back lmao
i could do it, it would take like two seconds
going outside ain't a good idea currently
i can still go out into the backyard lmao
e!gummy
did you add e !xkcd ####
what was e!gummy for
argo is twitch stuff going to come back or nah
i have more important things to not remember
people
although this.toilet=3 was a pretty funny line to have in every user object
i'll give it the "leave it out unless someone asks" status
    }
don't you have fingers
```function /*boolean*/ lineishmm(line){
    line=line.tolowercase();
neither did i
    var hmm=/[h][m]+/g;
    var match=line.match(hmm);
`function utilitybotstats(e)` oh right this is another easy utility one
its easier to do  (97 /\*'a'\*/) at that point
wrath the leafeetoday at 9:53 pm
doing fine
just drawing a swastika
gonna be a fun night in gumland
have netflix?
they are as bad as far right
i'm at least 35% convinced that a bulk of the radical feminists are just the alt-right trying to make the left look bad, because there's no way people can actually be that stupid and survive until adulthood
ok carry on i won't defend anything there
i mean when you're a gop member who believes the ancient babylonians are too far to the left, than yeah, pretty much everyone's a radical
faaaaaaaaaaaaar off in it
im slandering mitch
yes i was asleep most of that time
damn man you got me
yeah
stay up for an hour or two and then go back to bed
i get snarky when i feel this way
tbh he kind of sounds like joe biden in terms of his voice
my governor
that's why they have the same sounding voice lol
i cant be bothered to touch my mouse
you know the one
pretty much
stay up all night
holy shit
stay up
    most questions in the zelian dialect of english don't end in question marks
so, archers, lancers, and conjurers
who look very alike
super life pro tip: if you have a name that's related to bathroom humor, don't run for president
but we did have a second president johnson who _wasn't_ impeached, giving a 20% success rate on bathroom humor presidents
whos the closest online friend to you..
i was like errr mitch, star, sis, and bringina
in fact what would be the issue with him just saying stormy was a girl
it's not like you say she's a girl and then he asks if they are trans right
point is i only briefly said who is who,
the fact you get my state confused makes no sense
theres only one real state
would not mind living in illinois since it's blue but whatevs
also he thought iceland was next to norway
geography
i mentioned my quebec friend
so abort
i’ll pm you why
in fact we need more parties
that's why we need more political parties which we kind of do but aren't major parties and we need government revamped so we can replace the house and senate with parliament
they started to insult the other party and stuff
excuse you, i'm a proud member of the idiot brain-dead liberal party (so says reddit)
democratic would fit mitch the most surprisingly
idk they rpobably believe in having rules or somethign weird like that
dang then we would have had a president dick except it would have been the first name lol
birb party
present company included
i support the goddamn second amendment
i hate this theme now
reason why is that anyone making speedruns in mario maker 2 uses that theme
article is spot on
aside from the nuzlocke though i don't know how any of the others work
so i guess not all lets plays are dying
at one poitn i banned "toilet" for me because everyone got sick of me saying it
we gotta do that again for a day for the memories
it's like one of the cosmological constants
the dnc is prob thinking if some backup plan because biden isn't in good health
there it is
i haven't played mount and blade warband napoleonic wars
im a happy boi \o/ and i hope everyone else is too
oh dang haha
im kind of thankful for my health right now too
i dont go out on walks anymore
can i come?
what a stupid party
but everyone here is very mature
and facts are thrown out the window
things seem better today though
also my return to youtube joke never happened....yet
there are 358 days until april first 2021
we really do live in a world where more and more people believe what they want to believe
i sadly can't stream or have any of my equipment to work on things outside streams
and then it got put off until 2019
and holy shit i do not know how he managed to do 3 walkthroughs at the same time
back then that trend wasn't a big thing
i watched sneaky play it yesterday
im taking flubs to taco bell
im not even offended im just confused
and im mad
what even is a met
they were probably afraid of getting sued for trademark infringement by some sock company or something
and underscores
mitch who do you think will win the trophy
if you say c9
i hate kingdom hearts
.....
inb4 gummy asks me to predict another esports match
speaking of which idk if bringy and me have even said a word to each other today
`> text`
and that will never changed for youtube if i do let's play
that's right, $6 of my hard earned money went to that channel
hell yeah!
i just have audio issues
apparently the old hd60 hasn't come down in price any, even though it's a couple versions out of date now
not surprised
streaming was very interesting
that was like 2013-2015
my bunny has achieved internet fame
my animal crossing wild world walkthrough part 1
and he told me he would get my 3d land part 1 to 1k and in return i have to stream zelda
are you sure?
oh maybe
knifeperson resurfaced a couple years back but nothing since then
and thepikachuguy
when did yall show up
well i got into league around jan 20 2015 and i'm pretty sure zeal was responsible for that so a few months before that with the oras streams is when i first showed up
part of the band who sang stacy's mom
whats his name..
diemetrycare
let me look through my chat whispers
skullkidfan was a highlight
now it might be evil of me, but i don't really give a shit what skullkid did because it didn't affect me
i mean the first thing she did was defend you while everyone was poking you, so obviously
just like people who use rp commands and name themselves after video game characters
hey my name isn't name after a video game character!
my first username was awesomesuperpokemon, then supergamespokemon, then superskillsful, then supergummying, then gummy
the only places im named gummy is discord and youtube
gummy air conditioning
maybe i could turn this name into chemical symbols and be titanium praseodymium
<:skarmthink:692790214531350608>
i mean uh
except for sites that don't let you pick your username but those don't count because they suck
those sites tend to give you either something auto-generated like "timmyfelldownthewell1568954" or just cut to the chase and give you a numerical id
meanwhile spotify doesn't let you make a username and just gives you one and says "fuck off and you can't change it"
i'm pretty sure it's a gui bug that the devs demanded extra to fix
apple doesn't make me happy but at least itunes is a good media player
i have a hard time waking up in the morning. playing the song of the nation that my dad hates most for the whole house to hear should get me out of bed.
the far right vox party?
i was going to say "why is my other account typing"
sup dad
this is currently my most popular one
mitch explain
otherwise he wouldn't make thumbnails for me
this was back in 2013
gummy the player
anything you do could work with it
blitz has been converted to piplup propaganda
if your sauce could even be referred to as gravy, you've done something terribly wrong
not trying to get sticky fingers by golly
hmm needs more ketchup
this isn't about taste gummy
he's all around us flubs
i think its fucking hailing
and effectively right, the darn things exist just to carry around
i've got 4 just to sort stuff easily
imma send it death threats
damn
so i could access the create new channel
or is it .com??
close
is this true sis?
and i cant fuckin get there because someone shut the planet down
fair enough
i will not hurt my dog
my little sister ironically just said, "i want someone to choke you to death"
of you getting choked yeah
flubs why do you feel this way? what happen?
not particularly thanks
looks better with a clean face
it was about an hour long
prob sis
keeps spamming me in dms when they are back
i dunno why camelot never ban anthony at the start
but it should have been more dramatic if drago banned me
let the truth slowly dawn on you
you literally were there
lol it's so nerve wracking joining a new discord server where everyone welcomes you
he joined sneaky server
no lol
cloud9 server?
so good i have no channel
thinnk this is one of the 3 vids you can hear me
i like making fun of people
thats the whole thing
and then i move on to the other stuff
but pls not on yt
so get good sleep y'all, it's good for you
oh that's the one game that shares a birthday with me or something
whats with discord trolls lately
“trypophobia is an aversion to the sight of irregular patterns or clusters of small holes or bumps.”
its called people are bored with an internet connection and no motive to read books
i rather stare at my screen and wait for a troll to join for another ban
gummy you should do smb1 with a death counter
do you want me to embarrass myself?
you do that already
if they ever remake bugs life it would be nightmare fuel
gummy mario ragetage when
<:dab_flutters:674908213342240768>
this time i died to big fishy
but gummy what have decided?
imma revive my chicken wings channel
i copied a lot of things that eyan did in terms of vids and username
no no no
i called myself king of slamming
nope
you're not wrong
what?
~~wait we have rules~~
no raiding
we are making rules
wtf are you on about?
youre a game designer now?
but sweetie bot and carl bot should protect us
no u
keep a list of the timestamps of the last four joins
if the elapsed time is less than 10 seconds, dole out bans
one drawback of being a brony server is that we are raided hard
wooo
and said n word
then i gotta work on 4 year anniversary
guys
i have the best idea for siblings day ever!!!!
cause i have a lot of anger issues
sis's mate word rub off to me so now i say that sometimes lol
i wonder if flubs is okay
it's not a germ though
walked in and wanted to rob us??
i know it was a few of you guys but exactly sure which ones
> eu, i think venice
everyone was like whatever
this is neat
i'm everywhere
but not enough
this ain't much a community
also im not good at helping others
im dead
no kidding, me too
so guys
and he is excited that a sheep is his neighbour
sis is real server owner
camo cat
the answer to that is yes
what constitues "too hot" in iceland
kitty!
if you can afford to move to iceland just for that, you probably don't need any extra time off
only complaints are lack of mcdonald’s
wtf is this from 2016?
though finding a stable friend group back was hard
also guys
bad news
better than trump
the  worry about it after
biden has to win first and now i don't see that as a likely thing
now i see why most people don't care about politics or get invested in it
it just shows what we have to go through in terms of voting
oh it must be fake because it isn't verified
and he made the confederate flag a pattern
so i'm not very big on putting that online
i had more faith in eyan playing tbh since i assume you don't like games like that
well im happy you tried it
granted i can argue bits about the confederates but i would never make a flag like that
that would have beennnn wayyy worse
i don't think  they're above that tbh
i won't be shocked if fox fires chris for this
democracy is hard, yall
"america is messed up"
if the party themselves actually did the voting behind the scenes they would most likely pick yang as the party leader
go on
they now have 2 more siblings
wait they're redoing the teletubbies???
well then
oh gummy i think that pokemon egg ash got in gen 8 ended up being a riolu and not a starter
well alola didn't have an established pokémon league so we'll see how he does in galar
im telling you demon lord
we are stealing this emote
you at least express some emotions
you don’t want to see that
what’s homestuck day?
anyways here you go
data structures, diff eq, circuit analysis, physics 2
much better
and have me troll them
that moment when i'm more in favor of states' rights than the republicans
fun fact: when angela met with trump he refused to shake her hand which made the situation awkward for everyone
canadians prob take joy in watch trump be dumb along with every nation that isn't the usa
western canada threaten to leave canada for states several timesp
western canada want a trump like leader
texas
i can imagine if trudeau loses he has to resign as party leader
if trudeau does what he did during the 2016 elections
well it's because trudeau only has a minority government now
and walk through the border
these people literally left the stuff they had
isn’t new jersey democrat??
nj, ny, ct, ma, ms, me, md, de, va, nc, sc, etc
people were protesting when liberals won
no just for the rest of yors
bringina is already planning to take out my kneecaps
drago you said this about sis that one time and that never happened
conservatives no climate change
so what you're saying is, there's a 0.000000013157895% chance that it's gummy
is it pizza?
"i live in fucking austria" is like the oldest joke in profane linguistics
whats worse is this moose apparently acts like a dumbass
indiana
omegalul
i was looking at twitter when all a sudden this was recommended for me to follow...what is this?
people reminiscing about the dumb stuff they did on the internet when they were 11
err guys
back in the day i drank a lot of coffee as you can remember, now i haven't touch a cup in months
lol i remember
but somehow youtube allows it
look at this
demonlord i agree
and gum
what have i done?...
> i'd try to calculate the samllest by doing 10! and removing the numbers that are factors of other numbers, like 2 and 3
that's so crazy that i stopped reading halfway through. let me try again
didn't kirby inhale a pea in the anime
but i figure it wasn't worth it if i play on 1080p
just import google api to do it
clearly they're not using python's technique for strings where you can do "1"+"0"*10000
what were you getting before
windows calculator cares (probably)
what on earth are you doing if you can't get 1080p on a 2070
the performance of computing equipment is kinda logarithmically related to the price
2070 is better for 1440p
and he casually threw one away
i meant ryzen 7 but yeah that's a good example
a 10 core, 20 thread 9900x would be... interesting
the one i fried
not super ideal but i'm good at using it so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
also i'm currently struggling to figure out how to make gravity work because i haven't had to deal with it in about 3-4 years
anyways for skullkid context, i was looking at that twitter i found this morning and i remember scatman vid because they mention it
lmfao you got it
it's on tip of my tongue
good ol days
will has fallen into the person 5 royal hole, and we may never hear from her again as a result
that’s horrible
league is better
alright i have a serious question
good
guys in my artificial intelligence class i finally get to play with data and i'm so happy
that makes sense
you guys are no fun
it also means people need to come up with new jokes about ai that aren'r "if if if if if if if if if if if if if if"
this virus has affected everyone in some way, i wouldn't worry too much about it
though granted this time around
lol who am i kidding, why let a little linear regression get in the way of an outdated joke
and it's been confirmed by him on stream that did happen
i'd get fucking decked
but that's okay
probably
yeah i'm just wondering cause i plan on getting terraria and eyan said he would gift me but i guess he won't be able to
guys
and my dad bought a air pistol
unless i let trolls in
then again only 3 trolls have joined here
guys
don't worry i know how to chew my food
the purple lunatic girl
theres a lot, well i have two daysish to play a bit, guess i have to restart but i'll get through fine
ah, sir piercings
big part is the introductions of all the characters
oof i also wanna play final fantasy as well
because she constantly stalks my twitter for info
why are u just now knowing who dr phil is
i think antonio brown would be better on live tv than him
no he's a coward
im still stunned you have literally never heard of dr phil lol
she used to be hair stylist and always cut hair for her family and for my little side and dad but i always refused
but now i cannot get my hair cut
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
cos t
i'd offer to try to webex support into it, but i'm not sure if i can do that into non-university computers with the license we have on that
he says on installing chrome
he says when he opens chrome this pops up
“chrome will launch as soon as the installation finishes” but never does upon installation and still wont launch, he even tried uninstalling it and reinstalling it and doesn't work
1909 is the most recent major update for windows 10
speak for yourself
okay the only not-stupid answer i can find on google is try running the system file checker tool (`sfc /scannow`) and see if it finds the installation to be broken or something
youd think they might as well, since windows 10 home isn't what they make their money on anyway
any luck with firefox?
also tell him to show file extensions, hidden files, empty drives, merge conflicts, and maybe turn off autoplay
but yeah you're right it should fall into the actually useful category that is a package manager
update the man fixed it
the problem was ||he didnt update his friggin computer when he thought he did|| but before clicking the spoiler take one final guess as to what it could possibly be and see if you were right
i failed the whole try to sleep thing
i know him
mb on wording
there's normal, which, for dungeons, means it's just a dungeon, with trials means ezpz, and with raids means kinda rough but pretty normal (except with the coils which are definitely not normal level difficulty)
and then there's ultimate.....
i mean i knew i'd like them but they always intimidated me
blitz
well last week on easter we ordered pizza and i gave the pizza guy a good tip cos he delivered our pizza and was cool about it despite the whole covid-19 stuff and the fact it was easter
i had pizza tonight as well
and that correction on the pizza box isnt fake at all
im surprise he doesn't get tired from howling
guess what charlie is doing
hopefully i don't bore you to death
they will still vote him
it prob won't happen but i would like it if joe biden picks michelle obama as vp
i deleted it lol
biden might pick a latino due to the latin vote
but it was funny reaction
you should watch my vids drago
but the power of editing
<a:rarityspeechless:585545014927556636>
i was talking about earbuds with people in a server
and i remember once, my little sister tried to playfully strangle me with the cable of a broken earbud once
though all were a joke according to her
the most interesting one was her chainsawing a mcdonalds logo and it hitting me and slicing my head off
wtf a shooting in nova scotia
exactly
i've seen shootings in canada before but it's at a pace where if one happens you go omg but if one happens in the usa you essentially say here we go again while going omg
i think we might have like
can i move there?
i feel offended
okay that guy copypasted the same reply to like a dozen people
guys i hurt myself again
im limping
that's just what happens during the apocalypse gummy
i hate discrete math
one of my neighbors was a math major back in ancient history and apparently she had to once do a proof for "proving that real numbers exist"
i tried looking up some basic lighting algorithms not too long ago and i found some pdfs that said "to implement a lighting algorithm, you first need to define the parameters with which the rules for creating the universe will be based upon"
<a:rarityspeechless:585545014927556636>
i'm hyped
kugal pet doggo
no you don't
last time i uploaded was today
i should work on my next yt video, but mitch
it wasn't some what's up kiddies nonsense
bringina sighs\
huge problem if i play adc, cause gummy in lane is really bad right now
even though he frown on me over youtube
unless you were to have joined zeal server
maybe i wouldn't be so clingy like i am
well you made mine better ❤️
so most interesting thing i heard ever
my mom once again said if obama or clinton was president and corona happened, it would have killed everyone in usa and that the usa should be thankful for trump
never blames himself he does what we tell our children not to do and points the finger at others
help
like pennsylvania, there's no reason why everyone in the state is required to wear a mask
that's not much of a defense
you fail to understand how far our standards have fallen
"imma slice you into pieces, and feed your limbs to cannibals and the dog pound" - little sister
but that would defeat the point of you giving me free stuff
i have discovered something amazing
no better time to start than the present, then
loopy said that original 3ds capture boards will be back soon, however he won't sell any preinstall ones
you would have to send it in
at that point i might as well just emulate it but i like having a physical thingy
funny how south korea is one of the most technologically advanced countries and north korea is stuck in the middle ages
did i hear middle ages?
south korea though i hear is actually fun to visit
he believes kim jong un should run canada
that’s actually what it really says
schools are brainwashing people into liberals
he and a few co workers
oh no corona is in nova scotia
the shooting
tbh the prison thing here is prob true
good lord
for the animal crossing people of course
yeah
too much root beer again
yes pretty much
and msg me
now this wasn’t the scary part
also gummy belle shouldn't be gone unless she got deleted or if you logged into the wrong account somehow
and checking my friends list she definitely doesn't look deleted
oh god, these fps
welcome to my world
remember your carbuncle friend
how long have you been standing there?
ah yes
as in
woah
you should also have waypoints on your map for where those quests take you
there should be an icon in your quest log that you can click
you can also just interact with the location
and it'll bring up your key items
nvm, it worked
the quest log should be able to tell you
you have summoned statistics
okay im getting to 10 tomorrow
next semester im hoping i can do diff eq but i may not becuase im for some reason not eligible to enroll in any classes despite registeration period being open
no i've made like 10 of these videos cos my friends told me to set up funny mic
and damn it sis, you weren't supposed to look in this channel where im being roasted hard
ah drago was my ultimate rival then
guys
fun fact
me winning in subs in 2014
<:ppinkiejoy:399725095964246019>
gummy after the whole walkthrough thing failed first time
then i realized i was camera shy
you ruined a hot dog
however you haven't tried top 10 videos
i'm considering it lol
then i shall defeat you
why do i feel like demon lord would defeat me?
no nsfw
why would i destroy my channel?
the golden era of jrpgs
but yeah the gba version came out like 3 years after the ds so not many people even knew it was thing
hmmm
how am i supposed to play gummy belle in that game?
too hard
how many notes will you make demon lord?
of course now you've made me aware of that so that will help me out as well xd
whats the channel gonna be called?
haven't figured that out yet
it's on steam
the thing is even if trump had a good opinion you can't take it seriously because he is never straightforward
the governor of georgia has gotta be one of the stupidest men alive if trump disagrees with him
what about the person who described themself
and back then he wanted to one day get eyan average viewer
it was during a terraria stream i think
i would like corphish to beat sneaky's average one day though
professor acidentally gave me 100/10 in the grade book so my grade is 156.28% right now
is stream style is different than mine
at least you guys actually have a plan in order
meanwhile our plan is like reopen blahblahblah
after what i saw on twitter
germany isn't crazy in fact i it's very lgbt friendly
they still have a nazi party like thing there
germany and me wouldn’t get along well
not anymore
i'm glad i don't have a copy of your bucket list
it’s called a joke mitch!!!
many people close to stormy said august 1st will be hard
oh boy
"junko more like junk, oohhhh!"
> on your laptop?
since steam doesn't wanna work with this thing now
hmm, i don't even know if i have the energy to roulette
who?
him sis
dad: [describes a thing from history]
brother: where did you learn that? do you have sources?
help
so much
“pro tip #1
“that's exactly what terrible members of our sponsorship program try to do.  they create an account, don't try the drinks themselves, then proceed to post "go score some rogue energy and save 10% with code xyz!" all over their twitter. “
i said a waffle tasted like beef
but it does taste like beef
that explains why he gets donations every minute
or how come there's both crystal and hgss?
they just left out bw for no good reason
while there's tons of remakes in there
i kinda like black and white more
it wasn't a seperate story, it was an upgraded story
only black and white were unique
xy ain't bad
sorry gummy
im reporting your youtube channel
i thought you would be using this
the quality on gamecube is only so high anyway
yeah i'm considering that
i may even do a smaller game without commentary at first just to get a feel for things
there's no way i'm investing in 3ds capture software
pretty hard to come by at this point anyway
i'll sell it for you for 2k
and that was mostly a joke
it is from that era, yes
idk what a small game is
i prefer living in monarchy like country
also that woman that abused her cats on twitch stream apparently had a nip slip and still not banned
okay so i might be shit at youtube
but im good at giving advice about it
and another on another youtube
without all the notes
earthbound?
but i failed that as well
it’s kinda cool you know someone who became popular
that's good
i forgot speedrunning was a thing
wait
goes on twice a year
oh..
games done quick is way more corporate so that's what makes me suspicious
so hide the ugly stuff in 360p gotcha
i guess the other thing is, if you want to put text on the screen and stuff it'll look like a video with 480p text on it if you don't make the video frame size big
like i said
she is close to him
she looks like lawful evil versus chaotic evil
what am i?
chaotically chaotic
well you are...i have no idea
well there's two axis on this
lmao
i don't think im evil or good
and where does playing league of legends all day fall on the alignment chart?
final fantasy on chaotic neutral
that would explain why i can't fully be good
the good news is
i mean the good thing is it’s helping children
that would be the ideal circumstance. as long as the vatican doesn't take a 20% cut of your donation before it gets to the kids anyway
from what i read
im watching someone bite someone on stream
what?
i witness someone who donated $500 to corphish earlier and now i just witnessed someone else do another $500...
well a number of them are out there still
though like mitch said
a good number of them are still around but view modern eyan with a degree of ire
and i hate leeching off of people
it’s not like all a sudden you talk to like chugga where you are nervous and everything
i like earning shit
oh come on that was a clean kill
tbh im considering streaming csgo...
drago don't answer that
ping me
when it happens
i think ponyfest closing ceremonies are coming up soon
ah yes
he's a dj that's currently playing
and everyone can enjoy both
in that exact order
figured
im 53 kg
that was when i was 16
you realize she has the same name on discord and is on this server right,
there we go
mitch i like to see you do better
<:sads2:625971430097420288>
kugal every time you shorten "because" to "cos" my brain automatically assumes you're talking about the function that offsets sine by a quarter rotation
i have common sense too!
you know i love 10/10 customer server, salt, ew to the rest of what you ate though
i swear most random people join or who know me ask me this stuff
should i tell them my secret is to do nothing and let mods do all the work?
it'll be interesting to see how galaxy plays without motion controls
they could do what they did with the world ends with you where they have motion controls for the docked mode and touch screen for bottom
but rumours only
so i challenge demon lord to mario galaxy wlakthrough
alright, why were there failed attempts on pokemon platinum?
if i don't get bored after intro
is that the shortcut that makes the desktop rotate or something
most don't seem to need motion controls
wait who is rudy
oh on discord
youre probably thinking of bloomberg
that would be awesome!
and yeah you would know the series
took my cash and credit cards and tried to destroy my mouse as a joke
is it pokemon demon lord?
so it would be a lot easier to organize than final fantasy
never played golden sun but i've heard a fair bit about it over the years
the problem with bravely isn't that the bosses are long, the problem is that you need to do ng+ four times
i was seriously bad at the first two first though, that doesnt count
i'm confuzled
alternatively, i beat gummy by not quitting on episode 15
since you have to beat four swords and that requires multiple systems and copies of the game
mitch
who’s side are you on?
because splitting up community and stuff
besides no nsfw
well...
my little sister for yours
well it finally got mentioned in a vid but they mention my name of course instead of my mom...prob because of the paypal
me too
i have the same shock as trump saying something dumb
quarantine is over
gummy belle gummy belle
this is gummy drugs btw
i was right
bragging rights sound nice
oh come on sis
or is it just me feeling it?
and that i errr
subs are something i actually wouldn't want if i go forward with this let's play
7 transformers
damn ir
wow that sentence was good
you guys remember bingo for the gba?
oh damn it
fuck that shit
also im stuck still at a part in that game
i hate anime
mostly everyone*
episode one, taking back the server!
so i wont
wait this isnt applied math club
do you ever just
```c
int r(){
  return r;
}
```
i would watch mha with gummy
i shall binge watch all 7 seasons of max and ruby
whaaat
you would think people would be using them when a shooting happens
that's a good thing
this ban will not stay
next election
and ndp
i'm looking at the map
yeah they did win the popular vote
in regina
yeah biden doesn't seem to have the energy to take on trump i feel
my point is that they don't care enough about removing trump
bkuz its a gud game
if by vote you mean prob having to mail in my vote which will most likely be a crap shoot in how fair it is
only intro is good
are you still disappointed im me?
today has been a mix of awesome and irritating already lmao
this cartoon didn’t treat kids like kids, they understood kids knew what murder was like
i mean i could make this cartoon
yeah i understand
wait
cause if we go with sis time then about....6 pm for me
now i can legally graduate
then i go insane
have you had rice porridge?
thats my weakness, sooo drago, you better not pull that on me one day
blitz get out\
do you want me to suffer?
seeing how much you can get out of f2p without spending money is a fun metagame
apparently if he had read how to discord screenshare, we would have sound for a long while now
happy birthday!
night
i have bad news
silly gum
fuckin keyboard
since your hotbar's unlocked you can just drag it off the hotbars
my nickname applies a bit to me now huh
outside of the tank classes, the mele classes are
since it's best to understand how dungeons work before going tank
yeah, i will stick to magic sis
and wait till i got the hang of it first
also my new theme
neat
i was about to ask what you were talking about demon lord
yeah told you i forget fast
twitter
and i found that
2andahalfstooges
i found one thing
will do
while for streaming
prob close to $100
same thing
as for twitch, it's random and well prob demon lord gave me the most even though i tell him not to
i prob did both
because i couldn’t monetize it for a month
your first mistake was attempting to monetize your vids
so i had to learn about the game fast and well
dang
you know
drago i think i had 14 and photoshop 15, but then i upgraded to 2017?
for that matter
then again
basically for my mario walkthroughs
2. let it murder you in the face
koopas
well i think covering a link to the past will be quite fun
demon lord it's a _final fantasy_
link to the past is a game i could learn a lot faster than an rpg
oh yeah
you were there
nope
but sometimes we do get frame drop
but nothing bad
yeah wouldn't make much of a difference
i also saw this one
candyman, inferno was also in chat
i vaguely remember that name
drago how about you lp all the final fantasy games
why are you tormenting me?
becasue it's funny
ebf5, bravely default ii, sword kinda, elder scrolls 6 if that ever comes out before i die
there's usually very little cut out so even a moderately long vm takes a looooooong time to do a lets play of
visual novels
why did i let him get away with it?
but also, they're fun
tbh doing visual novels kinda pushes the boundary of "are lets plays copyright infringement" closer to "yes" because there's less interaction with them
im very excited to do plat and oras though
mitch
right?
where i haven't gotten the newest game
my internet at apartment works fine with 720p
that being said
someone in nova scotia
there you are
should be illegal
no joke
would make the point of climate change obsolete
we had people run like that before
just give western canada oil and more jobs or something then they will be fine
doug ford being an example
and praise
hes like mini trump
i can see trump destroying a lot of places
i can just picture trump destroying canada if he ruled
you can be conservative and not be a jackass it's just trump has made it seem that way
dictator
quick mitch, what colour shall the party be
wasn’t there an eyan 2020 campaign?
wait that’s a bad idea
i'm not running
gummy is stalking me
help
call it inspection
island inspection what is this lol
cause you never finish or play a game well
why is youtube telling me drago uploaded something?
i have
i think
he wants me to be like that one guy he knows that makes games
because that guy earns 5k a month
wanna be youtube rivals again?
time to relax and watch my fave streamer
people
mostly b though
the real question is why are you up
~~play final fantasy 15~~
#9615
what are the odds?
they banned my google+ not youtube
my youtube was force connected to it
so im sticking to twitch
stormy hated my cids
why didn't you just upload clips from your twitch streams to a youtube channel
fuck that
but i cannot commentate on game well
he also constantly clickbaits
idk as a streamer i always worried i am boring
he's a pretty good dude
nor basically any community besides maybe mlp and league
always picking a fight
joe merrick
oh boy
i see
i have that weird urge
i got to see a spreadsheet eyan was working on last night
whatever comes into mind, i do
i should exercise as well
then again i react to things differentyl
yeah i don't know how i would even begin to go about that
these days i follow what i think of first
i keep saying x and y after plat
it's not for me
then boom oras comes to play
my bad luck streak is still going
about the info in mario
i am gonna show you something
there was more?
i quickly typed that out btw
i would even be more boring then an eyan league stream
then yes...there would be more
you know something
can’t do that in city with lots of people
centrist
i always was lol
yeah
my sister once threw my 3ds capture card
only emerald and firered
one of the few times i was really angry at her
is the premier the mayor or something
yeah my bad lol
hes back....
congress has to approve both of those or something. it's not going to be used so it doesn't really matter
does anyone even remember this youtuber
i see
eyan somehow comes back 2 weeks later
the truth hurts
nice
"i'm a tweet lil' bird in a gilded cage, tweety's my name but i don't know my age, i don't have to worry and that is that, i'm safe in here from that old puddy-tat"
oh my god my name looks wrong for that
also sis
close enough
tbh i was opposed to the idea of a politics channel here because i don't believe politics should have a place in this server
yay anarchy
politics has made me want to leave this server about 10 times
if we can then maybe you guys will enjoy server more
im so happy lueroi is back tbh
just going through stuff
shittt
i am?
inb4 meme vector fields
we are gonna try the channel and see if we can reduce it in this channel
is it a nightmare...no
i could tell blitzypoo last night
reason why i wanted to accommodate for you is because i had a feeling others felt the same way
that's still too much though
i moved it down
there can be no fairly moderated discussion in a channel of that nature
this is a very realistic dream though
blitz i need a new intro
how tragic
i'm only counting streams, not videos
plus i remember you saying it reminded you a bit of pokémon
idk, it doesn't interest me enough to stream it on twitch
she looks like taller drago
someone explain this to me like im a 5 year old
it's a game with buttons and things of the likes of which
idk blitzypoo...doesn't seem like my style
what is a chrono trigger/
makes sense
what type of fan am i drago?
is this a dependency or a habit
to possibly fail
i keep losing and not having fun anymore
i really like ffxiv though because i can be relax when i play it
and i always wanted to bond more with sis
i say just reasses your happiness with the choice you made, if you're happy that's all the matters gumbotron
and negative stuff come from it
people
it's intel from 2017 what did you expect
though i'd guess the 7700 has hyperthreading and 4350 doesnt
time to go to
the second walmart
if you fail that one, then maybe emphasis on the cry in crystal
i saw something amazing
we were assigned to make a ted talk in english
darn
i have no idea what to do with mine
uhhhhhhh
which pi model do you have nightshade
at one point i had seven hard drives in varying forms floating around my room
i know one of them's died and i'm not sure the whereabouts of at least two of them though
i can feel your disappointment radiating through the screen
probably should stream ffxiv then
gummy being here isn't an complaint btw, i told drago that like 7 times
but that still leaves six though
the drop seems to have killed it
it was a pentium wasnt it
same
you said you hated amd about 18 seconds ago
i should probably bring my pc in to work every three months to give it a nice dust removal with the actual quality air compressor there
that requires effort
i need the extra money for toys
the sockets are different so you're not really deeply invested for an upgrade
im a toy collector
it is 1:40am
x: y: and z: are actually just subst drives that redirect to various locations on c:
noooooo
lmao gummy
gummy i'm literally a twentysomething year old living in my mom's dungeon
that violent!
what i don't go on reddit ar all
if /r/programmerhumor can get away with it so can i
double nope
wait i don't think i can banned her
only children play minecraft!
but i never claimed to be
and then on the complete opposite end of your program you pick up the reference by sheer coincidence
michael
it’s almost 12
aaaaaand just like that my computer loses internet
i consider inviting her here but prob not best idea
not literally dead
is "telehone pole" a  valid personality trait
what else?
but nightshade is tougher
there’s no..clear design for this
i already kinda understand you from watching speech patterns and stuff
sooo yay
i want in on this
wouldn't this be a test pattern and not speech
i would kill to play xy right now
ahhhhhh
ur mum's planning crazy shit
just a tad
yeah lol
i think i know how to design nightshade's oc now...
i see
sorry man i dont have any disposable monies
math likes to call this an absolute win
oh crap
mitch move your arms! kick with your legs!
scott the woz is almost at a million subs i believe
currently at 963k
very nice
for the first time in my life
is it already
also i noticed something recently
i swear to god...
he already did though demon lord
so i feel like he will get revenge
i can't imagine the writers giving ash a legendary though
ash commanded 3 legendaries in an x and y movie
i guess
you could be right
there is a reason why i put faith in ash even though he loses
he also understood froakie
i thought u never watched hoenn gummy
same with battle froniter
as for black and white
and it became less stubborn
as for sword and shield
gengar was abandon by it's trainer
he doesn't deserve shit!
ash had to beg nurse joy to sign the guy in the league
how about you don't watch black and white at all
i don't remember my 2014 password
let's see copy of mario galaxy and the sequel for good measure
a piplup plush which would cause pain and also scare him to death
watch good stuff
thought you would be interested
i seen 1 btw
holy shit...
drago nooooo don't aboose your mons
oh my this is nothing like a musket
oh well time to play final fantasy
i was supposed to recover tools from pirates
yes i can return to the thingy thingy
but i rather wait
omg that was amazing
oh...
there is some toxicity in this game but not the same type as in league
guess i gotta make it more toxic
what ida is trying to say is that she's better at sucking than you
better
question
well
no fair
yeah that's the maximum allowed level
not the required one
don't stand in the cho'gath q
wouldn't bother with more than 3 personally
okay thanks
lmao
i understand my two poisons
since i saw how it can tick down
doesn't work for things like stuns but it works for poisons
the game explains it later
nah i am good for now
if it wasn't the actual moon
but i understood what she was looking at
can i get a lift back to farms?
how i get off?
thanks for the ride sis!
nice
but what i don't like is, that the second you say something that might sound wrong
they jump on you fast
yet somehow people consider me a good player
in your guild
thanks
applying the appearance of other equipment onto your equipment
do you have a favourite?
the current one is the glamour
i managed to fire like 5
for me i really like your pirate one
well i do like it a lot, especially since it cost me 2 million gil to make
magic is a reference to final fantasy character btw
deselect this to hide your hat
ohhh
and how do you arms fold?
okay so pose in emotes
i look weird
which means i can now also poke sis
night sis! *hugs*
this is the greatest troll video ever made
or only me?
i'm prob going to just keep my flag the default one lol
i don't have time to use an app
misty is upset over the gun ban
hmmm
g'night
it’s very rare to see someone who is lgbt friendly that is conservative
they're nuns how lewd could they possibly be
have you ever asked her why she identifies as conservative
pepto
drago
you all can't even pretend to compete with the programmer shirts, just saying
i actually knew about that pikachu no drama shirt while watching a pokemon center vlog
well not really but still
meetch
my little sister wants to use bb gun to kill me
it’s his bb gun
so carry on
with your host, animal man
they are very important
i mean
i think that was ida
here's me making time work again
more gummy quotes
also like 30% of my phone's entire camera roll is stupid moments from chat
floor there isn't very charming
that doesn't count
i wonder if it's possible
as in
the difference is the intent behind them
but thats very rare
then it's the normal one, not the shark one
the end of an era
or somewhere in between
sounds like you need a break
try playing guitars isntead
i think everytime someone talks about my username
i need a new username...
okat
what is that pose
/huh
that's what it looks like if you apply the ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ animation rig to a skinned mesh
so none of them care about your safety
i also have mental issues, i don't like my little sister
im honestly not even kidding, youd probably be justified in making a complaint at the police or a social worker or something at this point
and i respect sis more then parents because she doesn't constantly pressure me with stuff
it's not hard to go from "hey i'm not punching you that hard" to "it's not like i have a gun to your head" to "look it's not even a real gun" to "why are you complaining, the real gun isn't even pointed at you" to "bang"
sounds familiar
i did like 20 practice problems today and they took me an unreasonable length of time and were very often answered wrong
i’ll be online in final fantasy soon
so much for that
did he die
drago log in
alright currently logging in
grats
it's a level 60 raid
oh sis
never mention unova here
so purple/blue quest are important right?
i got two of them
k'lyhia
bad news sis
cause fate
nvm i ran
im in a weird town now
should i teleport back?
i should register for all of them then..
this thing is fun
who is saying this stuff to me!!
oh yeah
does that cost anything?
welp
not this one
where's your main story quest? >.>
well if you remember where it is
would probably have been better to accept the quest tbh
all the npcs are in all of them
holy shit
this place
my pose is that
no clue
i wanna see your house!
yippie
actually i like this song
also yes dragonsong is one of my favorite songs
though the song before
soo...i technically did managed to arrive at your house so where do i camp out?
it's still answers
also im totally the taller one in the game
wait i do have dragonsong i just didn't put it in
nope
but i can't do my quest
two siblings waiting for drago to come in so we can beat him up
woooo
requirement for that quest seems to be
also level 14
are forbidden to be mention here
sounds good
well out of everything i head
clearlly, the question to
you're going to have to start regulating your use of the number 14 otherwise there might not be any left for tomorrow
i'll start regulating it on may 14th
i slept 14 hours today
i feel like i'm goign to have to call someone on the phone and start asking why my cpu appears to be on its way back to california
if you want to get back to your questing you'll have to teleport back
gather two million gil first, reach level 50 and get the rank second lieutenant
gummy belle in the cut scenes
sunk cost fallacy is "i've already put so much effort into killing twelve youtube channels but i feel like i'm really close to succeeding"
then the nightmare begins
<:skarmthink:692790214531350608>
thats me with animal crossing
how do i return?
it's the button next to teleport
im gonna log off
np i had fun
you rang
mitch you are my new youtube manager
we are returning!
noooo sis whyyyy
may as well get to it now
many questioins
sad day blitzypoo
also my skin is astrotrain
sad but happy
for real tho
>  smart people don't make mistakes because they're smart
smart people don't make the same mistake twice
they make it four or five times so they can really get the hang of what not to do
and then they do a/b testing with similar mistakes so they can try to predict the behavior that will not be a mistake
which means science hates the double pendulum
except for the chaos theorists but we mostly keep them confined to the one office down the hall that nobody goes in ever
ah cool
i have two extra rooms now
today i finished setting up the 3 houses
you can move them later btw
because i been with parents for over a month
guys today i learned i don't know excel nearly as well as i thought i did
converting previously functional programming code to object-oriented code is fun
also drago
you have a new icon?
gummy i already otld you about that
who gave you rabaon's deathcap?
then again i keep telling everyone im a decent adc
yes nightshade eat
my god gummy why
fred is great btw
also copyright is not the right word
i mean...i didn’t say that
yeah
yeah for example there was drat— [dragonite has been removed from this plane of existence]
cause both 2 and 3 was taken
i think there was 4
also known as sneaky
so when the switches happened i thought it was just one person evolving but noooooo
memory leaks, man
that's not quite an identity crisis
i can remember ida, kay, dratiniiii, blade lord nay
lmao
also i think it's time for me to sleep now
are we talking streaming or what
super mario 3d land, crystal, and platinum
and pokemon when she is
but crystal is one of her fave games
gummy why do you insist on making things awkward
he might just end up using dovahzul translations of each user's name
i'm kinda-sorta forced to use a normal font because one of the first people to pledge had an accented letter in their name and most of my joke fonts don't have accented letters
not for me
also blitz
i can't get through the episode
mitch you do that
but seriously
anything can be a valid cutie mark
give me moeny
they got a kid to bully franklin
i found this at random just now
franklin sure
ohhh
i see
as far as i know, me, bringy, rainy, bunni, nightshade and maybe mitch have more of it than you, drago, master, flubs, etc.
mixed everything up and you have sis figuring out youtube better than you
so i was like “eh, next”
wow you were right
it was fast quest
sounds like a good exp grinding area
press initiate
city state levels have been unlocked sis
guildhest are now available
i also now have better pants
level 12
okay thanks
granted mario 3d land is not a complex game by any means, it's just a suggestion
okay franklin is being a dick again....and no i did not afk to just watch franklin
then i kill that jackal
i must have missed that one
i was about to say who wouldn't help poor cute gummy belle
probably
i can play  more since i will finally have 60 fps
i told you i can get addicted to another game
omg new soup
before it became a cash cow lol
i should be playing phantom hourglass on it
that’s basically copying me
i'm gonna go with roy
thank god
now none of us won anything big
luck it is
soooo luck?
how am i supposed to know
because why would scott join a pony server
new design!!
has anyone looked at r/worldpolitics in the past week?
sheep are just big bunnies
sheep!!
honestly i am tempted to do this
franklin is making me mad again
oh yeah
sounds hospitable
better tell your cousin that his time and flower money is probably best devoted to other things
he’s like drago but less nerdy and more social
you can get a 7 day free trial
as long as you have internet
you buy them and they are yours for good
i can see why he has that name lol
where is the cat
playstation and xbox live charged money for online from day 1, and it's not because they hate their customers the problem isn't that you ahve to pay, the problem is that nintendo's isn't super good
i want to carry switch around and play super mario bros 3 or world
now time to troll drago
i shall be on pc permanently
and apparently they figure out on their own really fast
though i would need some dress
i mean league name
it just shows you what emerald and topaz carbuncles can do
yeah
free teleport?
athernet
limsa is the only one of those you've been to
i need to talk to talk to someone in limsa
lmao
i have a far quest now
also i should be accepting the new armour right? not the bronze piece?
strange, i recall it being no more than 2 consecutive terms
eh, just let me know if you do
the calamity did a lot of things
and after
the 7th umbral calamity
basically, the flow of magic in the land was disrupted by bahamut, and has yet to recover, if it's ever going to
let me check the map
charlie go zzz zzz zzz nom
in coerthas?
so im doing sidequest
but yay im getting better
i think i'm like 11 or something
plus while my oc is model after me, there are slight and many differences. gummy belle is literally me
drago, those defence games are like league, how about you play a better game
as long as you are sub then you can play them
also im level 13
im editting a research video for english but im adding memes and im having way too much fun
i think it's alette maybe
it's more the "subscription = games" part that bothers me than the "you don't get to keep them" part
well i already have online since the games i play require online
you need to share the memes with us first
aren’t the servers shut down as well?
probably
the only other thing would be visiting you for like a few days but idk if you can put up with my insanity nor would i be able to add that on my trip next year
work is done
is like $600
don’t like zelda but mario one is too expensive and i don’t need that much storage
the character on the box has nothing to do with the card gums lol
it was like the best of deals
demon lord
so they tried to drop it onto eorzea
you proved me wrong
i heard
earbuds suck
today is over
i haven’t even touched it since i last used it
not for me
as well as massive variety with weapons
okay back
i'm planning on playing that with eyan's group
he committed the biggest crime possible: he tried to get people to pay attention and vote
terraria seems to have more weapos than minecraft
that being said both can be stressful at times
or hunting for rare fish
also golden tools break btw
my fucking golden ore
plus you can carry around a workshop thing
then you don’t need to even go to the store
yeah i didn't expect that
inb4 he does
though i am curious
ohhh
like old days
i think most people would be just fine with that
true lol
i had a lot of fun with ultra sun though
those games are way more fun
and i would do it again
the problem was the events during ultra sun that happeend
yeah
whos dumb idea was it to buy this?
i mean this is your first time capturing something that's not ds
and i have a hard time figuring it out because im lazy
oh right
and im lazy
i get that it's pink but you are clearly drinking a ton
gummy loves pranks
gummy: ask china
also aren't you a shareholder of this server?
why as me?
you also tech run this server as well
the nintendo store or the annihilation
gummy puts so much pressure on drago
he watches baseball alot so he prob wouldn't pass up the chance of going to a game
okay i ordered some wings
chicken and waffles
maybe going to citi field isn't a bad idea my stomach would enjoy it
i'd prob blow all my cash on food before i even get to the nintendo store
all he would have to do is throw you in the nintendo store you will never find your way out
you could buy a solid 2 games with that
what's this about accelerationism?
drago
i want a verbal thank you
a solid 6 bucks
"that guy whose name i forget how to say"
no it would be something more ridiculous like saying it a different way every time
though i can't tell if you're trolling me right now lol
you got that from google
true, you were still in that small town
i remember
the international super ponying fried chicken fund
you are what you eat , pretty salty
i just finished highschool, i am done
yay congrats blitz
which i'd feel less bad about
now i will be salty again
it's a big day for you
sorry gum no can do
i can't
but but
nooo
it taught me wrong okay
which knowing you is unlikely lol
was like one setting
here is the test stream
wish somebody from the ndp could be a pm
morning sis
you're welcome i guess
tv capture cards are much easier to work with than ds i'd imagine
i might stream soon
all right
doing some online work atm but i'll be there as soon as i can
it's charging now
wonder how you fixed it lol
i got expensive ice cream to cheer me up
yeah it's back now i can go back to watching jj mccullough
also what you guys think?
thats mitch
mitch was kicked out of the pony club
mitch stop being so awesome
mitch doesn't want to be a pony
game maker marketing: "make games without knowing any code!"
game maker users:
might actually take awhile now that i think about it
it’s not perfect
the fuck
wait kireina is here
and yes i am at walmart for err reasons
i dont even know how i got here, but here i am <:f_thinkderp:408369856736657438>
drago pay attention
guys i pulled stupid again
i sped by accident in 30 km zone
so the start of the game got really boring
platinum is way faster than diamond and pearl though
i honestly thought i would get annoyed by it
i also want a milkshake
because we have 16 rugs
mom doesnt want the wooden floors vacuumed, it doesnt get everything
that's a lot of rugs my guy
aww,  kugal does he slip a lot on the floors?
yea he slips and they scare him because when his nails clack on them they make spoopy sounds
i didn't think you went anywhere but walmart
it’s as good an elgato
no software needed even
then i bought a $20 headset and a yeti and they both work way better
my second was a logitech g one for $70
good thing i know for y'all
ever since i got my astro, i learnt that i had to get open back headphones
right after beating wall of flesh on the old world
computer or internet issue?
not internet since we're on the same one
i have seen super stupid
call me stupid
why was strict in the server in the first place
you guys still haven’t banned him?
he actually hasn't been around much until three hours ago
camelot sort of changes
cause streaming better
i just want to be able to work out a falloff model dammit
then again
last time i commented
that surprises no one
i did single player a little while ago and it was working fine
or play a better game *points at league*
ffxiv
depends when i can go to my dad's again internet is way better there
wow the wii u eshop seems to look tons better over the switch you could even apparently get animal crossing wild world on it lol
nintendo can boast the same game has sold the most on the last 2 consoles lol
this is not clickbait from what i can tell
damn ity
he's very vague and it's mostly a lot of he-said she-said
that was with zero support googling for an answer
i'm also visibly lagging on my brothers' screens
it's also weird in that the enemies seem to be in both the place where i see them and where my brothers see them
and i hit it with a melee weapon and it took damage
despite technically being way out of range
in usa democrat but thats because no other choice
i know the ndp doesn't usually do that great and hasn't finished in 2nd since 2011 but hopefully they do well in 2023
i too support the acceleration of heat in the atmosphere
i know demon lord was having issues as well yesterday, could they be related?
i would try but im lazy opening the game
see gummy that's why you're supposed to disable the everyone thing
depends on whatever the equation you need to solve to mine the coin is
finally stopped being lazy and naired my legs
your name is duck

also i just saw this
well that canadian va is
ian j. helm
17 minutes ago
skarmory...
skarm...
skyrim...
there we go. that makes up for yesterday.
it's not as comfy as it sounds
i prefer a real bed personally
chugga: i'm a horrible for not remembering the name of the one who gave me this house and scarf 
also chugga: let's not help our friend pursue her dream of being a rescue team
i only watched his super paper mario walkthrough many years ago
cartoon network
ah i was hearing cartoon network and got some confuzzled
by that time i was big on vi, and was excited for gen 7 of pokemon
it was so cute and graceful
it becoming the bulky incineroar
felt like a personal betrayal
actually sis, moon is a great game
i think maybe i felt bad about her never be able to play a gen 7 game
the ultra games are better though
it's still too fucking goddamn slow
eh, i've quit pokemon so it likely won't happen
stupidly long animations
also bringy threaten me on stream last friday
poochyena
idk so many things i wanna do
sadly true
but i want to
im still surprised no one has made fun of my streaming yet
because the papers took 2 months to come back to canada
or july 2
i don't recall learning that detail in us history
i always wanted to make history vids but i cannot animated
how to mod on discord
i could probably do that
plus i knew the mechanics of pokemon way before lol
iceland history is interesting
serpent riders?
my favorite part of us history was none of it because by the third time we talked about the american revolution i was sick of it
oh here it’s still an issue
i realize it looks like something else
everyone here calls him a terrorist or something
i emailed twitcg
if somebody told trump that he would lose it
stay inside
she clearly is encouraging my bad eating habits
oh reminds me of something
remember the time i was addicted to jake paul vids?
mitchhh
why are you continuing the converssation here
no...not like that
also gummyland
there we go raid is gone
then again it’s not public
one of my mods actually admit while it was rough at first
you're all welcome
get out!
but this is so relevant from what i wanted to do
i don't even know who this deji dude is lol
sis im telling my friend all about my final fantasy adventures
that's thaumaturge, not arcanist
i need this in my life
i want a hint of blonde
so demon lord
i wasn't the only one tho
when you said you quit pokemon
dx is a good remake
they changed a few things with that
is luigi’s mansion
i’ll make fun of your pc
though i recommend the msi one more
i already paid for the msi one, i just gotta pick it up
cause that would...no that should make your ffxiv experience better
and demon lord.. *dies on inside*
or play games with good graphics
i mean there's a lot of overlap between games and streaming, and streaming and editing
but cpu has a lot of cores and threads
it’s the green pc
80% of the quality for 20% of the work
or in this case money
get an amd cpu and save...about $150+ or buy a intel cpu and spend an extra hundred or two for a tiny bit better performance
though i want a good gpu for one main reason
i might use that when i stream games that heavily need cpu
did you see popeyes delivery vid?
you must seen the new one
my pleasure my pleasure
you should get popeyes delivery
still aren't gonna have any of my cash
turns out you're not missing much
as in she wants to stab a former classmate and bomb me with threats last night all because i called her a fool
get her to stop
though the most creative one was that if she ever sees me while she is driving
for some reason
i love being addressed as ms. gummy
every so often someone will call me "mr spam" and i'll start giggling like a six-year-old
idk ms. gumsicle
he's annoying me too
i made another ff character
which puts me at
she is also level 80 like you
gummy just saying
"don't piss off users" is a valid rule that people break all the time
if you want a easy ball-on-a-tee reason to get rid of these people, just add "don't incessantly ping people" to the rule about spam
i mean lol
but she doesn’t like how he isn’t joking
and he’s like dead serious
gummy what did you do now
but since starlight glimmer is a show character, others will name their accounts the same thing so it’s hard to know who is who sometimes
i would be lucky
he's stalking us
drago hasn’t been around gummyland for years
new staff
same old gummy
which is like, every other day
drago drama rarely happens there though
try getting raided almost daily
it’s tiring
pony servers get targeted so much because either they like making fun of people or think we are horse fuckers or something
i do
if people repeatedly don't "break the rules" on the books but are constantly getting in fights then maybe there's something wrong with the rules on the books
if they do it again, then it’s silencing them
it's a gummy's mind
also one of my mods is like fuck it
the guy decided to ping mitch in manechat where she has no authority
tbh solid decision
someone's intentionally going around the rules
usually i would say no..but this one for sure has to be yes
but now i have a new problem, a new person joined and they are likely ban evading, apparently they used n word in past...problem is their account is a deleted account now so i can't straight up accuse them
this means i can literally show you all my walmart adventures in video form now
it does
i just tested it
you already sold it to math
work sucks
we are returning to my youtube career
it's less that they recently got in trouble and more that they're in more trouble than usual
i need sub bots to get me 10 million subs
lots of info
$1000 dollars a month? haha sure i can do that
fine mitch
someone hit on me
okay what happen was this other hot girl came up to me
she had eyepatch
bleh
gummy belle's hair isn't all blone
i forgot
and you don't like her
it's probably cause i don't care for final fantasy
but i was like
there was a glow coming out of my boob, come on game
why am i chosen?
fuck crystal thing
aliens
raubahn
omfg
i leave to a new area dramatically with everyone saying goodbye
when i been gone for only 10 fucking minutes!!
i can't wait till sis wakes up so i can tell her all about it
what did u expect
and isn't the angry type like deci
and when sneaky did influence some things on my streams
i blame drago
ive been using vegas for three years and only just now found the setting that fixes the "program freezes momentarily when you click out of the window" issue
3+3=72
first time was 2018 september?!
yeah
how about you show up to my crystal streamv
does anyone know of any keyboard that exists that costs as close to $0.00 as possible
doesnt matter if the keyboard is shitty
damn microcenter has one for 9.99
oh shit, neato
they're pretty good for finding some prehistoric tech :^ )
maybe about a week ago?
keyboard?
my current one is $223
you get a pass then panda
> they're pretty good for finding some prehistoric tech :^ )
we just threw out a bunch of 80's computers from the department of chemistry at work. i'll get a photo
lemme see that good shit
and not quite, grease was leaking out of one of them
all that stuff
<:lulw:583892297893281812>
and rip all the data
which means i will buy 7
yeah give the pizza to me instead
fine wine
fine wine indeed. it's delicious
so u haven't discovered it yet
and rage
8 days
so i can't complain that much
oh nice so we get the art book while the uk gets the ost and an art book
okay fine steam i'll play some new games
it's never too hot for skyrim
it has to be, right? the wii was like five-year-old circuitry by the time it came out
but because i have passion and commit to it
thats my mood
chaitic
chaotic evil
serious me
oh yeah before i forget
gums has snapped
fuck this shit
i thought u hated poutine
i call it that because poutine is in their name
oh what the fuck
i want poutine
anyone wanna come over?
if one event happens
wanna know what those are?
might hang in vc tonight
gummmmmy
those are now ***mine***
i'm taking those fries they mine now
soundwave superior autobots inferior
i'm attempting to force terraria to work with some buddies - it seems i can't play this game without connection issues to servers xd
shouldn't this be in the voice channels category?
i have no idea what youre talking about
who was the one who was always complaining about everything
"i like pie" "i hate pie and you should feel bad for liking pie"
guys cut the banned-youtube guy some slack
gummy stop being lewd
"she only tried to strangle me once" gummy 2020
who wants to explain the laws of thermodynamics to gummy
joke's on him
good times
gummy most people do
i cant play minecraft
if you give me a time machine i'll play minecraft
y'all gae <a:atpc_ppboopyou:480771868639625217>
yes do
i would've but roommates decided to have friends over and my pc is in the living room
there, i have a spare
no stream today demon lord
all good
on that's cdn
so i had to go get my pizza
im the taller sibling finally!!
the different kind of *love*
welp, it be the like like
like pedophilia
huh interesting
sort of
but the weirdest way i've hurt myself was on a tire swing
and i kinda bent backwards and ended up under the swing
that is terrible
what level are you?
interesting
now you are speaking my language
remember
why not just use one of those
i finally did a few weeks ago but barely
i wanna play minecraft
gummy you fool
wanna see?
he passed away a couple hours ago, 11 years old
im going through another midlife/gummy crisis
wake up early and get paid little
i think i still have a scar
what's weird is i can remember how it felt being bit
if we were siblings and were the same age who would be the funniest
well yes, but it's not a high bar
im not that irresponsible
it could just be somebody taking advantage of low security since most of the people running it are prob home
apparently the data was stolen a while ago and theyre just releasing it now
dang it i was hoping i'd fool one of you lol
the cactus toilet has the tooltip: 'how desperate are you?'.
and gummy belle is as cute as revalatia
so i want revalatia
wait gummy belle is me besides some things
so don’t touch me
nothing
who actually wants to watch me do my walmart trips in future
they would be interesting ngl
on the outside no
one of my twitch rules is this
my head was like “mate you can barely read anything”
hell no
yeah i can't see it getting better
whatd twitch do now
oh right this was mentioned before
good job twitch (๑•͈ᴗ•͈)b
wanna give me money for youtube?
jake paul like vlogs
broken hero sword combined with toilet
didn't seem like she was going to
this is what i will do to my hr person
this game is my life, basically
okay streaming is done
so i had to drive a bit far
maybe 7 are staring at me
im mad
how come
and newer gens as well
which is fine
you may remember me talking about a 24 hour nintendo music stream on youtube i used to watch
tb and floral apparently dated again..,even though the last time it ended up with abuse claims from both side
i why
isnt floral like
tb is 20+
alternatively just wait for newegg to have a sale on hard drives and then slap in a few
so yeahhhh
very important for me
seriously why are they dating again
gummy
i hate you
need you
now imma watch this to help get rid of what i googled
oh bukkake i just googled that
and eqg
i am your clone
not even close
there are none
there cannot be another like him
and mitch before you ask, there are also high requirements to be sibling like with me as well lol
or my mod requirements
yeah
i was never serious about it besides sis tbh
well i was serious with it with regal
lets do it
that's not gen 3
i went treeko for walkthough
my sandshrew
ah, i see
maybe
i wanted to wait for you
what i really want to do though
mornin
and his name had rarity and mlp in it
he also is a huge raven fan
idk how
but i ended up saying “hold on a sec sis”
so that messed me up a bit
yeah, good point, and im gonna do that to my new friend
screams
if that was true ida and i would be vegetative right now
well you can die if you don't enough sleep i believe
back then
though he does have heavy depression
so does half the planet
that's fair, i know i'm being a bit harsher than i have been in the past
but your patience has finally run out?
i think i'm just sick of him using that as a reason to not be there
i mean
it was 18/19 yeah
and hmmm two older women
im evil
gummy's youtube channel is so dense that it collapsed into a singularity
interfering with the flow of time around it
hahah
gummy you should get one of these
guys
someone who i think was ubereats or skip the dishes came in my workplace
i wanna float down a river on that lapras float
guys
im probably not going to get to play it until june though, becuase of shipping times
really?
definitely not
nope
tonight
chewing is overrated nightshade
sis, just because you are my older sister does not mean you can...do whatever you just posted
and no im not up, im just errr a ghost
i just found that quote funny
they are great
i agree it doesn't make sense
i wanna see a skateboarding chobobo
okami doggo
doggomaterasu
aaaawwwww
guys
for my last 3ds game
mitch hold my orange juice
oh actually thats really out of date
huh well then
they were... okay
hey gummy i made $25 selling one of the things i made a few days ago
im technically a professional now
think i am gonna have a huge staff shuffle in gummyland
think imma make night shade a mod
she's errr oh no i forgot
once sadtrooper does her oc
he uh
but think sadtrooper forgot
"how much longer than expected?" "just a little bit"
name his favourite song
if the world was ending
not even on top 10
fuck no
what
woo!
and i'm on discord everyday
you need to assist me in my evilness
i havemac and cheese cooking
gib me
time to go convince metacritic to up their score
you take gummy
protect the gums
don't be silly mitch, he mysteriously disappeared and nobody found a body
no regrets
well you should
is it kraft
no, it's the walmart brand
grissom air force jets flew over my house
nope, i'm staying indoors
so about 25 c
oof, 74 at night
time to play ffxiv before work
side note, scott the woz has hit 1m subs
demon lord
<a:hypersclap:650821992563343402>
that's where we are now
interesting
good job friend's mom
she is very sweet and one of my best friends
this is terrible
okay so against my better judgement i looked at trump's actual twitter account just now and uh
but still
he's like
windows shell is indeed terrible
i just saw something on uberfacts
that scared me
god damn it
i've seen them all but don't remember what happened in them tbh
am i though?
maybe im a vlogger now?
what else is new
the potato wedges look okay at lest
you call those fries?
bleh
the greatest thing ever
best
mitchhh
a god
i meant
here is another channel you should check out
idk i sorta figured people like shigery miyamoto and john carmack would be the gods
i don't recall
how about you watch that walkthrough?
or do i have to make one for you to watch?
get friggin roasted child
<:glims:452873060585046028>
i hate walkthroughs now
but tbh
i still enjoy a little of what i have left
so amazingly profound
i wish i could go back to 2016
what no
that would have been good make fun of you material
so lillie thumbnails
i censor a lot
friggin ma thinks gates to infinity isn't good
i have like four more tb in drawers and in the basement that are also mostly full
idk but i have a question myself do you know what the first mystery game was that allowed you to pick whatever starter you want regardless of who u had selected on the personality quiz
ma and i were discussing it and we landed on the conclusion that it was gti
drago that kills me
nice pants
do i get them both though?
seeing both those games for 60 bucks makes me wanna vomit lol
white one
mine is silver and broken ish
$125 spent...
if the world is ending is playing
nice sweats
old dses and ds lites have gba readers
i remember following along eyan’s walkthrough of super mario bros 3
that was from the guy who made the original ds and 3ds capture cards
~~hey demon lord, get ready for a fire red and leaf green walkthrough~~
<:pinkielaugh:544330346964058132>
....alright?
i need help
idk, you are good at problem solving
(that was a response to your disliking your appearance and the gummy belle thing)
i'd say there's no way he's getting away with that, except he probably will because he's gotten away with crapping all over all of the other amendments too
you probably know me the best out of everyone present
i opened it!
in this black 2 walkthrough
i will my channel!
if i had one
this account has been terminated for violating google's terms of service.
thanks for sharing
thancred?
i get the idea ida's pretty familiar with ffxiv
also i look smashing
but it wouldn't be cheap
i already planned on streaming pokemon yellow
if i do find emerald though....
oh that's pretty good
me want so bad
(healing one is white again)
i want that more
this mutamix
idabolical ida
im heading to dungeon
so this is why i quit in the first place....
this is your fault for not talking me out of it
eh i don't feel like selling my gb player
i would be using a capture card anyways
besides we both know you would give up right away
gameboy advance cartridge battery?
i did it
i wanted the box as well
and this isn't a malaysia like box
which
i don't own red and blue but have dx
but i think i taped my ds to wall one time
they're now much moreso fans of the graph manual structure that is wikimedia
but ash never noticed
guys i opened up minecraft for the first time since 2017
and the rest of us would like, go up to their elbows
but soon my bf will be the gianter giant
is charlie a tall charlie, or a short charlie
charlie is a pretty big charlie
took me two hours
i keep getting error msg
yeah it's exactly like that
hnnnnng
thursday..
im already burning out
yes sus
since i love the mid boss theme
you know imma do the opposite of what you just said right?
oh i needed you for something
that still confuses me to this day
don't worry, a few more days and i should be done the filming part
oh that would have been summer 2017
i think i remember that
i highlighted them right away after im done
its mostly because making highlights of each stream is monotonous, easy, and redundant
and macaroni and cheese
lots have join gummyland recently
so lets hope mystery dungeon explorers of sky doesn't do that
for me i don't blow cause that damages them
and super mario 64 ds
huh. it makes sense, i've just never thought about it
i bought games with it
lots of games
yup plus luigi's mansion
plus art
gummy you know i die inside every time i hear you spent money right?
i was upset yesterday about money as well
but turns out, it wasn't the case
oo nightshade, describe me
well i'm back, what's the emergency?
that's about what you're gonna get out of me gummy lmao
it’s been announced
on this day
man what are the odds
i knew it was coming
or it might be bad
wait different then i had no control over youtube banning me
and bella getting mad at me
that is me when you told all my friends on skype i was bullying you all because i said “no i don’t wanna play league”
still
it’s not doing so hot
bullshit
the rifle is way more fun
yeah but then you have to brace against the f = ma from an explosion going off in your hand
grab a flash drive with some linux distro on it, sudo apt-get scrub, scrub the old drive
i wonder if there's a windows equivalent for scrub
can i drown it in water?
oh gosh
this is the worst idea i ever had
actually i don't think i did
how you know what i was talking about?
i will be screaming at the video in vc if anyone wants to hear me angry
i swear that cnn reporter has guts to try and interview that rioter
so i gotta fix it
now i know why i quit youtube
i looked like i was crying
i've never seen them so bewildered and confused
lillie
2020: the craziest movie plot that happens to be reality
but nah im retiring again soon for good
inb4 gummy gets the urge to make videos on a gen 4 remake
yeah i would tbh
you told me you had $1000
it is
"bird type pokemon"
noooo
you only get up to ep 40 something
or well oh well
im pretty sure you didnt watch the whole thing start to finish because it would have made something interesting happen in the analytics, but random parts and stuff
finally
im slapping it on for mitch to see
then deleting the channel
aaaaaaa
i need to post video of jagger
i should learn a nuzleaf voice to trigger gums
get out
dedededeledele wooooooop
that doesn't sound like piplup
im buying chrono trigger
on the phone
you don’t deserve it
it was cream sosa
and they were cream colored
at least
gummy belle
i have no words to describe how i feel about the name mitch mitchum lol
i was just scrolling through bulbapedia and was like who the hay is this
gum thinks in english instead of gummyish talk
i know sis
you're the only person on my switch friends list with animal crossing with fewer than 100 hours
but i still wanna give you a hard time so
sucking all my time
playing alone, when i make a funny comment, no one can hear it
i touch stuff okay
gummy is angry more at 11
both of those statements hurt lol
what no
technically i've never played xenoblade, so i don't know if i like it
hey remember the time i ordered a cpu and it arrived in my town two days ahead of schedule, and then went on a sightseeing tour all around new jersey before finally showing up in the mail four days later than it was supposed to
lolwhat
guess what
im also drunk again
poor gummy
im a streamer
its the last thing i wanted for history records
2. to see if i can keep up and enjoy what i did back then
basically
it was to show mitch how it was back then
you did now
hi drago
drago is here now pls throw snowballs at gummy
it's almost june
well now i have
if she wakes up on time
she took a nap
im not as young as i used to be
i need to sleep earlier
i am a kid
i go to walmart to buy toys
i like that
i'm looking at yoshi shirts cause why not
it's not very pleasant
it may be lost....
im gonna fucking kill you
so mom's a physical therapist
help
wanna trade moms
i remembered the time in a book i read
it was grade 5
think a baby got blown up in a book i read in grade 7
the fuckkk
guys
and im thinking
if you are asking friends that you obviously haven't had any lol
im losing to a blogger on youtube
i never thought i would see the day
the screen protector
you can get the game on switch and stream it from that
also you slept for like 40 minutes
june first?
oh boy
oh yea that but also pony life
im always up around this time
....yes sis... *mutters*
2:44 am
also, happy pride month y'all \o/
happy pride month to you kugal 🙂
not doing rainbow avatar this year
(っ◕‿◕)っ
instead i'll just destroy the heteros' pride some other way
uuuh
idk im kinda lazy
🏳️‍🌈
i mean i'm hetero but i have no pride so...
fun fact
i might not be hetero
what do you call it?
asexual?
you've mentioned this i think
demi?
pan?
bi means there's something you like about boys, and there's something you like about girls, but it's not the same something
pan people don't give a shit
i guess so???
yeah but im only attracted to the person because personality
so long
i can guarantee chocolate is bad for them though.
discworld
one day we'll all be telling stories about 2020 lol
well demon lord, one good thing came out of me doing project: gums has snapped
more streaming ideas
i'd question the plant quality
do you see?
say whaaat
and sunday
i thought it had something to do with the lusty argonian maid
are you trying to overwhelm yourself
go ahead i guess xd
> almost
sword and shield dlc
it's pretty much just extra content the dlc isn't necessarily needed to enjoy gen 8
sounds dumb
it's amazing people are still freaking out over pokemon dlc when zelda got it nobody batted an eye
all those legendaries
you can literally make legendary team of 6 xd
doing that would defeat the poitn, wouldnt it?
i think what she means is do u need the dlc to actually obtain those pokemon
what's home?
transferring from gen 7 and go
bank has been a pay service since [checks notes] x and y
not for her though
i believe those ranks gummy since you said gen 4 is your fav and you mentioned in your video you wish for a gen 4 remake despite trolling me about u not wanting one lol
tbh you can flip 5 and 1 around
i dont watch the anime so i'm just going to make my rankings the opposite of what gummy's are
never mind then id have to rank jake paul
with games id go 3-2-4-5-1 and i havent played six onwards so i cant really rank it
anime it all sucks
bee movie > any pokemon anime gen
gums we gotta show drago gen 6
you have triggered me
it's easy just say high-level oop languages are overrated and manual memory management is what all the cool kids are doing
loop piplup and mudbray together
perfection
fuck...
im supposed to obey her but i rebel
hey gummy i like torchic
looks what at what is playing
idk what that is
i don't have a current one
what is this?!
im good at time management
oras version is better
mitchh
holy shit that was fast
that disscworld?
ace attorney and 999 also have a lot of text
tbh it's a bit like picking the low hanging fruit
all i know is
.......
i literally said this beef makes that dish
does the upper right one say "go away" underneath the cat
probably
gummy you should learn to game dev
the worst of both worlds
all the good people in the country need to get behind biden now
pretty sure it was bernie
some of us change our minds, but some of us don't :/
which is very very ironic
thank you, means more then you know. my upbringing was full of a lot of bigotry and i never really realized it until just a few years ago
nice job
or maybe she does but you dont
what?!
get out!
i'll exile you back to zeal server!
thats an opening
look at this
i never said it wasn't good in fact when you showed it to me originally i loved it
don't think i have done that for years now lol
it was a zeal thing
you have broken me blitzypoo
i love it when gummy screams nooo in all caps
thats it
i believe it
~~should be 3~~
mitch why you up?
melatonin hasn't kicked in
drugs again?
why did i choose sylveon as my fave?
yeah weezing is way better
now that is better
hi panda
starting to see a sign
gotta say, you're quite committed to this
nor do sidebox
true
and yes this is killing me slowly
don't forget im trying to aim for 3-5 hours of streaming a week
how the hell do i do this all?
i wasn't joking btew
you could be right on the canada interesting thing
tbh the usa and canada really shouldn't be rivals with each other just because they are in the same continent
my local best buy thought my little sister was a native canadian that came to steal
i think to stop all this native canadian crap a pm needs to get something passed
doesn't the uk have quite the racism history too
shush mitch
no thats not
didn't expect it to come so qick
boyfriend is gonna com up hopefully in mid june and we plan to have our own little personal prom night and dance and shit
if you are around
but not oras
idk if i want to go that route
honestly that's not a bad idea, that game looked pretty fun
one of the better rom hacks out there from the looks of it
whether that be the official emerald or oras
that was a bit overkill
well...
eyan never even got that far in emerald, and he put hours into that game
never touch battle frontier in emerald or plat
what i have in this box contains the future of streams, ffxiv, league, and any other pc games
it is time
aaaaaa
gummy be like: you guys are nerds
and there goes dragonite for the foreseeable future
gpu is some sciency shit
mitch and demon lord, good news, if i keep a good pace with filming...i calculate that i should be finished with filming by next week
and im still faster than mitch
i tried to make a meme so i went to google "two scientists experimenting photo" but accidentally googled "two guys experimenting photo" and now i regret life
clearly eyan doesn't care enough to show up, so i have no reason to stick around anymore
he look
every time i install something, something breaks
also killing my stream and ffxiv time
you know
btw mitch
if the world was ending
but but weren’t you part of his youtube team
im not drunk anymore
i knew because it plays all the time on the radio for you
we will find you a league streamer
i know who
where did you stream this on?
good point
i literally said
were you not listening?!
youre weird
roasted
also demon lord it’s not what you think, even though it looks like i slapped your name on without cool effects it’s well
told you i didn't want to commit
can't argue with that
i mean it's his call if he doesn't want a community anymore, but he can't expect a ton of people to stick around if that's the case
and seth well he does whatever tbh
the mods and admins do stuff there
but it's not like it's new demon lord
oh yes
this again
end of an era
just a month or so until my dsi xl's 10 year
flat doggo
pffft
in terms of filming
stop splitting accounts drago
pls no more
more super market music/
okay
why did this become a meme?
of course im first
logan though has done supportive things though
has he actually gotten his act together?
and many actually agreed with him
gummy help i don't understand
view bots
the audience retention is like 20% of what it normally is too
yes the public and analytics counters disagree
more clacky sound
but i could be wrong
i was gonna pledge myself
but then when i did get the money
he stopped using it pretty immediately
wait no
sounds normal
though pls pledge to gummyland
sis is the only one that can like keep the server and gums under control
it felt so _wrong_
cotton candy dipped ice cream
this just happened today in canada
<:ponkyeesh:644274573197443112>
yeah canada is definitely not innocent either
it just looks sad and bad
but it does look sad
reason why i followed was because this person has like 100 viewers but less than 1000 followers and she seems to have my style in terms of streaming
no webcam and brb screen is simple
what the fuck
yet it still happens
minnesota is liberal and george floyd happened
still racism!!
i get that , racism exists everywhere there needs to be some movement for all these natives who are killed
he cannot
i've never seen a president have this bad of a double standard with peaceful protests
the riots need to be put down
oh boy
cotton candy?
nyt seems to get backlash all the time
i mostly like the new york times because they piss off our tangerine in chief but also like
ontario, the liberal provin
it goes to show how the conservatives are in shambles
trudeau racist as well
i've only seen the one pic that blew up
and stuff like that
it does for me
if trudeau is forced to resign following the 2023 race i'm not sure where the liberals will go from there trudeau in my lifetime has been the most famous prime minister
i'm b
that is never planned
oh god
true
my only other guess would have been mystery dungeon
not the style or anything
40 episodes, good god
so it will still likely reach 40 though
i quit after 47 not 4
no it didn
so it all worked out
they never work
in terms of editing
i stopped recording
the more i think about it
ff has never looked as pretty
i capped it at 60
until i get my new gpu installed
and it’s still at 60 i assume?
which means it very capable to reach maybe 100 if you uncap it
also im being advised heavily by queen milotic to be careful over this job opportunity
they can be risky
im a bit jumpy today
144fps is generally for fps games
also while you are here
good job kugal
over video
good job
ph master
that ssd don’t keep storage for very long?
though a simple yes or no was what i was looking for lol
this is what i have
wdym?
even twitter people asked that
i can't even tell what logo that is lol
olive garden only won one state and it was new jersey
that's news to me
i looked everywhere i still have no idea what place dominates indiana
or a silence even
actually there may be more than that, those are just the ones i know about
its basically just a sub shop
i just looked up what it isad
i think your eyes are just worse than mine because i can read it just fine <a:5_hmm:585845634830172176>
well i do only have one functioning eye
hey guys i'm traveling right now but i wanted to pop in and say hi!
stay hydrated
get off your phone
as in sleeping
okay phew
not literally crashing d:
mace him
can i have some cash nightshade?
whyyyy
i thought you were just gonna punch them
looks extra intimidating
even better
will spray paint still run?
doesnt hurt to find out
either it does nothing
no sane person would want to steal a car with flowers on it
maybe add a huge pink mustache with eye lashes on the car
hmmm
how do i make a car gummy proof
just have the car playing this song 24/7
i refuse to go near it
or do both
i love tiny house things!!!!
i saw one that had a dual loft system with a bedroom and movie space that was really neat
i probably wouldnt do it unless i had to, because i like things that like set in place unless its like one of those beds coming out of the walls
see i dislike the transforming veds
yeah thats fair idk how i'd actually feel about it unless i was there, but i dont see myself minding at all
i think tables would be the best transforming pieces for what i want
<:gwgoathinken:405753076432109573>
i want the lead up to how we got there <:gwmrodialul:400750684670263310>
i see, so really was just gummy things
that make sense
i mean i dont expect one
is what your looking for
nahhh
i just hope for one
it didn't give me sale price
2 for fucking $4
it charged me $2.59 each
thats bad
nice
gummy i don't think eating it is going to help
wd-40
i'm homeschooled what is that
a kind of lubricant to make things move
dude
lmao
that was far less interesting then i thought it was
i don't have any heckin'
followed by an explanation of what it's made of
hate the living area in this one thiugh
i was going to say "we should all move into one of those things so we could share resources and have a carbon footprint of effectively zero"
but this is my dream home
wait really
`skee ball` >:(
a medieval gothic castle
you think i was talking about ur little hut
gummy you can do that anywhere
nightshade, i will pay you $200 an hour to clean that
hmm. maybe
kugal you're sharing that right
yes yes yes i promise
<:6849_pepeold:534781151525470228> wait till you get to my age
texture cache issues by the look of it
no too much tf2
it's like a pyro spy checking
the cycle is complete
quite the event
logan may be an idiot but i guess he does have common sense
how come?
mordred, jean de arc, arthur
joan/jeam
think jeanne d'arc is french spelling
let me see if i can find it
so it's like a maraca
i got it with my drums
ooh!
charlie is deathly afraid of my egg shaker
fun fact: i changed my profile picture for a quick joke and then *lost the dan folder*
who?
i missed you
what is an egg shaker?
hmmm...
you missed a lot of things flubs
i was well aware you werent unstupiding
hey man 2/3 of civilization hasnt been wiped out, amirite
i always knew you'd be an upside down watch kinda guy
actually no idea where it went
also yeah i remember you posting these
i think thats something most of us would say
it was for gummyland music bot
but kugal just think of it like discovering some new galaxy or some math shit <a:blobcry:393645793925529601>
idiot liberals
today im at a liquor stroe
gums is gonna get drunk
it’s brand new
if you've got any questions about the story you can let me know
cause if i get arrested for this....
nothing much sis
and a bajillion dps
i was actually really worried tbh
why tf would you be arrested for collecting cerb
because there is a tiny possible chance mitch
but trudeau wants to jail us
but trudeau announce today he wouldn't for an honest mistake
anyways, yeah, that first primal is fairly easy
i would need sis support on second?
charge n discharge is such a lovely combination
wonder if sis would wanna go watch bullfighting at bull festival with me
nope
<a:rarityspeechless:585545014927556636>
what the crpa it's me
why thank you
lmao
idk what that means nor can i pronounce it
no, doom is a very old video game
well....
just one...
gummy is paul confirm
<:wat:579563576914870333>
btw gummy, i've decided on giving you a present once you reach a specific point in ff
took me 30 minutes to find a fucking eevee
"she just him in the head with a bible"
it might function as your bday present
tbh don’t really care if you give me anything, being a sis to me is more than enough for me
which is good
then he memes jewish people..
oh flubs
it’s ffxiv isn’t it?
remind me to get a do it emote
.....you have a good point
im parked
if it's a good price, then get it, but i'd say you shouldn't play it until after the first 3 games
see gums, two ppl in separate servers tellin u same thing
im starting to get convinced bringy and my sis are the same
we just have good taste in games
defintiely not good taste
tho sadly i havent finished it. a shame, its really good game
tis fun puzzly game. and ur ded!
a game where you play as a ghost
and theres cute dog present
i stabbed you?
fuck yeah!
nope
to be fair
cause you and bringy have interested me a little
this aint ur kinda game i fear
also i bump into an aggressive salesman
me: thats sharla's butt
sister: no the other big thing
bringina i can read!
flubs since you are back
i can make subway jokes again
the weird part is the order of operations
let's plays and walkthroughs are different reeeee
yeah ones a semi-viable business model, the others a walkthrough
idk man, i still respect it. ss meant a lot to me too, i wouldn't even mind putting together a video like this myself. if he had joined the discord earlier he would have had a much better video.
wait till im done channel 13 first
i thought news was on channel 5
get 'im skarm
i low key kinda want to actually do this gummy video
its gonna be like a 2 minute video
that's a long outro
but but sneaky...
i have so many ideas i don't even know if i can sleep tonight
when in doubt, russian roulette
go to sleep
june 19
i wanna play it
she still an asshole?
can i just prove him guilty and be done with it?
it'd save you a lot of trouble in the long run but he's also the main character's useless friend
im probably gonna kill it arounf
i'm convinced that gummy is just making up numbers for how many channels he's wrecked now
all deleted
next two were deleted
then i came back several times but didn't even publicly launch the channel with 5,6, and 7 before something happen and deleted
6 was the drunk deleted one
i gotta actually use my brain for this don’t i?
tbh im now curious for "what happened to supergummying?"
thats pony stuff
ahhh fuck
yesterday i film all night
do "what happened to 2andahalfstooges?" next pls
hmmm...about literally 1 hour to figure this out and test to see if discord audio works with my switch capture card
oops nevermind it doesnt *look* scrolled down, i was actually just a little scrolled down
so im almost done what i wanted to film
with you making weekly appearances
imma have to kill yall
noooo
im watching the thing
i never grew up with those games
pikmin ripoff xd
plants vs zombies
2k21 now with 200% more sweat
i actually missed what the title of that game is lol but i'm gonna have night terrors
dude...
arkane game. stealth assassination gameplay
do you think bug snacks 2 will be called "back in snacktion"
i havent either but it looks exactly like the kind of game that i need to
the trick is to just reuse old triangles so you dont have to render new ones
idk there's gonna be 2 nines
thats all i know
truth
unless they wanna push them both up 100
idk i think like a good 75% of these games looked good
i forget what it was called
that one was weird
the pikmin one
no the one with the kid
yeah probably
kena is the one i'm here for
not yet as of right now
but they're supposed to announce the next smash fighter this month
actually i kind of assume all publishers will do that not just nintendo
they should do one this month though being june
im tired
alright demon lord
my insanity paid off
good luck
i realized what motivated me to keep doing it
im considering calling in sick at work even though im just tired
fuck it
nightshade!!
hello sir what would you like to order from popeyes
level up
you are doing this wrong blitzypoo
i am not mean
beautiful thank you
hes obviously making a video on dan
your video
i'm covering all the gummy lore xd
you also aren't gonna ask bringy?
now i think i know who gummy is, dragonite, superheronerd, and jello
i never met chuck cuddles or skull kit
stay safe and happy jello
jello, animal man is making a vid about me
finished my bachelor degree about a month back
lol sounds good
alive
somehow
so far so good
same as gummy
awesome
> ff xiv tbh
the convergence of written english language to pure abbreviations is underway
you'd be surprised lmao
i don't play lol
jello you like anime games right
i recently finished cold steel 3, yeah
have you a switch or switch-like device
but i know like no one here
to the point where i am now able to watch entire streams without subtitles and still understand a majority
im notn young anymore
i don't feel different
i'm less than a month away from turning 27
some of that was out of my control though
im not sure what doubled down is
why the fuck
sis, i literally can't breathe in it
and i feel safe cause my city has no cases at this point
i mostly stay at home
i also do not wear a mask at work
e!xkcd
am i the hooded reaper guy or is that someone else?
but hey
a gaaaay theory
fuck
i ended up eating some of my hair
i heard somewhere that the average human eats around 6 hairs a day
my hair must taste like head and shoulders then
would conditioner change the taste>
mines minty 🙂
well i've finally decided on the game i want to make a youtube series on eventually
oooooo
youtube?!
you should go to sleep early then gummy
see unlike you gummy i actually want to do this for fun and not to torture myself xd
anything that involves youtube isn’t considered fun
is it the hunger games
kugal
minecraft dungeons
it’s fucking pokemon with fancy sidebars isn’t it?
wreck it ralph
sis tells me she sees a lot of gummy
wait
is it a let’s play or walkthrough?
i'm not really classifying it one way or the other
that's the mini game from ff7 right?
what system?
it's kinda like a game in a game
sigma emerald?
pokemon will somehow squeeze into there
ibuki mioda
oh yes i see, emo girls
the god in ffxiv controlled those people
but sadly
what the chicken
forgot to mention
but better qualities
one of the other tribuni of the xivth legion
does this mean mr flubs will be back for the streams?
also, what level are you?
not exactly
iirc the next entire section is in gridania
so you can do the arcanist quest now
i would say only like
pugilist and rogue
but you could also just switch between them at will
what’s a summoner and whats a scholar?...
yeah
when am i getting that again?
grind as in through story
tho when patch 5.3 hits, they'll make both parts of arr shorter
probably at some point in july
when am i done arr?
what level i mean
heavensward is a bit of a different story so there's a bit of patch content to go through to connect them
plus, if you know how to recruit random people to help, it's not that bad
yeah...im bad at social interaction
i'll show you the trick when you get to that point
i realized something today
bad romance
i just like the song
not the person
i hope you've learned a valuable lesson
did you do the level 20 quest?
just keep it up for like a week or so
do you want to wait till all 30 vids are up?
besides well sis, drago and a few otehrs
lmao
because don't
okay
im still curious
well i know for a fact you wouldn't make something offensive
since you know i would ban you cause i have a short temper
oh no
i started my channel on feb 13 2013 in terms of supergummying
im trying to find a movie where a boy gets stabbed
i'm actually not sure if i've seen this one before
normally he at least sounds like he's pretending to be making jokes, in this one he's just explaining the state of the world
lets do it again
which part?
my bad luck day
then again police said he charge them with a knife
~~p5 on switch when~~
atlus must hate money
then i woke up
no wonder you woke up
this is my favourite song if you need to know
and my favourite current pop song
it gets better at episode 16
at least i checked *before* spendin 20 dollars i guess..
oh. oh i mixed u two cause red names. sorry
yep, sorry oof
...i was remaking a youtube walkthrough okay...
well...because back in 2017 i deleted all the vids on that series saying i would restart it but i never did and i like to keep things for records for when i get older and look back at my past self
i decided to upload it for fun just one last time
i'm pretty optimistic about the game i want to do as well
oh well
ehh actually i rather avoid the sis killing me part instead of the me dying from it part
even though you could argue this game might be better as a streaming game
ff6?
<:kannasip:638853101364969492>
ah makes sense
that'll be in the fall
wise move
and good luck with being bothered to, ida
it's called pay it forward
so it's not gonna happen anytime in the near future
i still wanna see this gummy vid you are making
on the 19th
wait animal man
you will suffer like me
oh damn
i win by default
in my heart, you're both winners
sorry flubs
oh you could link them

omg fuckin lincoln
you told me to wait till im back in limsa
which one are you gonna use
you must be in vid
skarm pls
good skarm
animal man bar the door
alright, that was an alright line, but i need a solid skarm line
i will be surprised
and you might be surprised gummy...
i haven’t been surprised since i was like 16
a chinese team will not be paying a player for a month because he made a mistake and took the wrong spell in a pro match...
gummy is in temper tantrum mode at restaurant
remember i act like a child sometimes
longer then i thought
almost 30 minutes
gummy i gotta honest with you
i don't think there's any way i can get this out in time for your bday
nvm point is
because i'm not editing footage
i still have 15 more sun and moon vids to esit
now no one tell me that’s creepy
get out!
and i know nothing about the art
do i look like i wanna read and think?
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
its a joke sis
sokkquer
are those just meant to be random letters?
sawkkquer
he will soon be one of us
is going to exist in september
my god
i greatly enjoyed all my classes i took in uni but it turns out i lack independence entirely and can't survive on my own
but i'm trying again now
it's stressful kugal, ngl
whats stressful exactly, nightshade?
but i'm the same way
i stop eating
oh kugal
and just start sleeping all day every day
sis wanna be roommates then? we both make sure the other is alive by the end of the day?
lmao
darn
no the ida would just go sleep in the library whenever gummy is around
the library is very cozy....
you know me and books don't get along
my prof for linear algebra is the same prof i'll be having for diff eq, and he is 1000% brilliant and i love him to death
by a longshot
gummy hates uni and also hes pissy over someone in gummyland right now
"hey gummy can i post about hentai in gummyland?"
"hey gummy can i post violence in gummyland"
gonna go with no, they probably shouldn't post that there
then they'll go and do that and you won't have to deal with them again until 2080
i love how back then in zeal server nothing really struck my nerves
i might end up having to borrow that book
what do you mean youre almost not a teenager anymore
i'm feeling old now too...
much safer career option than writing, plus i actually have an interest in it
alright gummy
i hope i'm physically like this at 65
ida are you 22 or 23?
did you guys see sis' bday gift?
and im just old
no u gummy
so many birthdays soon
there are a lot of summer birthdays in here
september group! *high gives*
hey where is my bday gift?!
jk jk
nah you don't have to nightshade
nightshade no!
one of us!
let's see if gummy remembers first
i demand a present!
..or do i?
ive got another telephone pole if you want it
don't you dare
i'll hold him down, you boop him on the nose
i just like
however
so im gonna coin flip it
heads or tails buddy
mangooooo fuck yourself google
turns out
i've decided on uh the drago option 🙂
and apparently i've lied about that option too
what
oh well it basically is
i would i would
<:gwgoathinken:405753076432109573>
the 24th will have a new pokemon presents where they will talk about pokemon sleep or maybe reveal a new game
it's known as a "big project"
thank the lord no sinnoh remakes
yeah it does
i hate fans
i joked with midnight in mane saying they will announce a eos remake and he was like "yes please"
it's errr
disgusting
i think the animation is too bright
hey man be my guest
also might be the first time i agree with everyone here that i do not wanna watch this new pony show
i'm willing to bet stormy would not enjoy this
found the theme song
sin(x)^0.2
i hope to have it out within a week but i make no promises
this just in: animal man promises to have it out within a week!
i cut you
not even sis or bringy or anyone else is as important as flubs in that vis
oh yeah that
idk 2017 probably
you loved me back then though
somehow in 3 years we are in here
and in 3 more, we wont
man gummy was 16 when i met him
now he's all grown up
legally yes, in reality not so much
i don’t think i ever heard of reality
when you met me
i had 5-6 channels
would be fun at looking back at old msgs
jesus fuckin christ are we lucky
well flubs, out of everyone you have the closest to my vision of how a server should be run
just dont have work to do and *stay with us*
now to get my bday lunch for tomorrow
something meat
bison meat
i chose lean bison meat over a bison rib eye steak
they are but numbers have recently been growing again
you did hear the news right?
you have no idea
next month
flubs will help me
he will be the new editor
oh dude fuck yeha
i was just interviewed about youtube
i respect it, krabs
i, too, like money
didnt he just say he'd edit for .05/hr
singh is pretty much the canada obama at this point
my dad even says this is wrong
wow so if someone born in my time zone is born at the same point in time in space as someone born in animal man's timezone, animal man's hypothetical baby born is older legally than the hypothetical baby born in mine. haha okay
~~i like it deep~~
i still say there should be one timezone and some people should just get used to working from 3:00 - 11:00 am
kugal please
i wouldn't mind that
when my sleep schedule is bad enough, my days start at 4:30
time is an ilusion
could we use that to support gödel's incompleteness theorem??? 😮
no maxine is different party
mitchhh
it's ur birhtday
man good times
i'm sad i missed it
superskarmory is the most nostalgic thing ever to me, besides sm64
and animal man
well gummy, it's probably the most attention you'll get in one day *shrugs*
it’s not my bday yet but thanks
just a wii bit better than the ds
good i half expected that to be one of those things that i assumed i had a normal opinion on but was actually a hot take
thats cool man i got enough money that i can decide not to take a job thats gonna make me want to die
but i thought you like money
well i learnt something today
well the guy at best buy looked at me funny when i tried to recycle it
as any sane person would.
i wasnt talking about you
like idk why i did this
just gotta have videos publi
the hat symbolizes your adventurous/exploring side while the glasses represents your nerd side. your cutie mark shows you love outdoor activities and cats/animals and you are an earth pony cause i don't see you using magic or fly around
thanks sis! *hugs*
you just need to name her now
you motherfucker
2 walls and a floor! good on you, demon lord
reacting to old vids and stuff reminded me of something
remember when eyan’s signature song which wasn’t his favourite favourite but still one of his signature songs on stream
i never forgot
i wonder what my signature stream song would be?
yeah probably
gums did i ever share my favorite song that isnt tied to any fandom or game soundtrack before?
nope
the world is ending so where is my invitation to canada gummy
what else is new
i know that band
tmw gummy knows a band from his own country
second favorite would prolly be a song from czech folk rock band i like, but i assume linkin that is a bit silly since, no understandin of lyrics for others <:penk:722220261591613570>
czech is hard ya know
though i do still appreciate the shout out
but yeah you did make it farther than i ever would have anticipated
only difference is that the parts were way longer
hence why it wasn’t 45 but 30 all together
instead of the webcam one
but yeah hype wooo
haha
um guys
late but
i will hopefully play ffxiv with you later, up coming haircut appointment
my videos are not nostalgic
ohhh
i could invite them to gummyland but they do not wanna see
my streams i can rewatch though
shame on me n my family for next six generations
oh wow your garden looks pretty nice
<:penk:722220261591613570>
they want me to destroy it...
kk slider is here to play for my bday
kk slider is here....
k.k. slider is a dog sis
ok that one
is dreadful
time for haircut
you caught me gummy. i was typing happy birthday
i would eat those
parents are asking me to assist something first
yeah go for it
do you need anymore clips?
yeah, storm officer
he just looks like he would hit his own men during a battle
also i wanna go to carteneau
also he definitely wouldn't hit his own men
namo?
just thought i should point out
now i have to attend
you may have noticed that i changed my character's last name
because, uh
miqo'te?
ohhh
my character's a miqo'te
i should have been a bunny girl
you can still be a bunny girl, eventually
you get a free character re-making potion when you finish a level 50 quest
that will take awhile
anyways
and if you haven't attuned to the aethernet shards, you should
the next story takes place in the black shroud (where gridania is)
this one hopes walking one will enjoy it!
did you beat me to there
granted i took my time looking around...
kan e senna!
hyur are all over the bloody place
have i met the garlean empire yet?
but you definitely know they exist
what confuses me
i think the 7th was fucked up in the calamity so there's not much left of them
sooo all of them were part of the garleon empire?
i am so gonna rip each one of them apart
midlaner
fun fact, raubahn is a highlander
there isn't really much of one
thanks
okay so when you originally showed me this
the more i watch
idk whats happening but its non stop crashing right now
this video is still lagging lol
gummy i dont think i properly said it yet and i know you dont like attention on your bday, but happy birthday and i hope you're having a good good day \o/
i was half memeing blitz
yeah you know them now
no one knows what happened to the dragon
i see
i don't remember if anything was said about nael
and cause there's sidequests that explain carteneau
you are right, playing for story is fun
trying to keep internet stable but i might wait till tomorrow since it doesn't seem stable right now
if i have time, sure
sheesh
i have an announcement!
omg youre pregnant
congrats gummy :\)
whos the dad?
someone rich, you better hope
any guesses?
gummy if youre returning to youtube again
yes!
or is it...guys my youtube career is over...the supergummying part of it is
so my new idea is simple, pony music videos, and gummyland podcast stuff
anyone wanna be on a podcast?
i just wanna do something for fun
less likely to lead to sub botting
probably
hello yes i spent ten ours on one video between today and yesterday
click button, play game
yeah women weren't allowed to vote for quite some time and blacks too
if you wanna look good, overlays, setting up alerts, and not be boring
ill let you know when i come up with another comeback
thonk
just invite 2-5 people on a show you have 4 times a week and just yell at each other about condiments and whether a hotdog is or is not a sandwich
maybe i should do what demon lord said eyan did last night and react to old vids
nope nvm
if it has one its a flatbread. two opposite each other is a sandwhich. two next to each other is a taco. three is a hot dog. four is...something i forget. five is a bread bowl. six is a calzone
so yes, a slice of pizza is a taco and an entire pizza is a bread bowl
what kind of games
the new gummy banner
do you want something with a fuckin story? something with a lot of very mindless gameplay so you can focus on your...shining personality?
okay now i think the cutscene is ending
first sis and you as well?
do you both like whack me if i bring up supergummying on youtube?
go play animal crossing
in one walkthrough
it's in a few days i think
smart
okay so here is my game list of streams in random order
league and animal crossing don't really count as i stream them whenever i feel like it
do the one where everyone dies including you a bunch
bringy loves it
this will be the next emote
> including you a bunch
wait there are runs of undertale that _dont_ have that?
i played undertale like last week for the first time and one of my friends had me do a true pacifist
well
that's not dying
i died once to the big goat fucker i cant remember the name of thats like your not-brother-but-he-kinda-thinks-you-are-until-he-realizes-youre-just-another-human and twice to the eldritch horror that was the flower
i remade some math flash cards into a new deck but i can't throw away the old deck because the memories of stress and studying those ones holds way too much sentimental value and nostalgia of calc 1
wait not guest
since bringina is no longer consider a guest on stream as just like stormy back then, title has been upgraded to co host
interesting
last night eyan also mentioned starting a podcast
but yeah i think a podcast is something that could actually work for him
dude, i just came up with the idea today\
filming 30 parts of sun/moon for no apparent reason proves that
to you
and that pissed me off
basically believe it or not, prob one of my better series and better than even the original imo
twice
i'll try
lots of clips to edit in a short time
also last night eyan wasn't reacting to his old videos for very long
i think he only really did it because xeon was begging him to lol
i might be able to with like oras
though demon lord i found something interesting
a black and white walkthrough...
i'm thinking elgato
....
i mean that's the one i know best
but everyone has that
that means it's good
and stupid me
for me
arent there still overlays tho?
ughhh
honestly i agree
do you betray them at some point? is crossing a noun im not aware of?
now im picturing the character standing in the shadows behind the music villager, poised to strike
sounds right blitz
has anyone here built a pc, or have mid to full-size desktop case recommendations with good airflow? i can't decide on a case for my custom build and it's the last piece i need to pick
oh that's a neat case
what other parts are you going for?
i'll send you a parts list
all i did was move parts from my alienware to a new case in 2018
and well, just replaced gpu two days ago
and add a ssd
where i'm taking the "build an entirely new one because the old one was a budget build 6.5 years ago" approach
three years? from the thing you sent me i'd hope for at least five ヽ( ｡ ヮﾟ)ノ
i kinda wanna see part list as well
drago why would you get rid of your cd drive
thats more words than "put in cd"
so its more complicated
glad to be of assistance
it's gonna be so fast drago
yeah gummy, programming, compiling data, and training ais
all the data work i want to do is the reason i jumped for a stronger-than-needed processor
what data work do you do
well i guess you don't need this anymore
i just got a new gpu in that thing
gummy if you touch my new pc i'll burn you
i love how when i get threaten no one shows up to save me but when i get roasted all a sudden everyone is here
smores roasting over an open gummy? sure
this year or next
started is past tense
i do enjoy fire
it caught fire and had to be sent off for repairs
argo i like the way you think
yeah this grenade launcher, it also has a flamethrower button right here by the way
nightshade is as violent as me
as long as food is involved then sure
well not drawing part though
chops and steaks. yum
also nightshade, this monday i shall delete my last supergummying youtube channel marking 13 in total
oh wait im in meme mode
nooooo but poniessss
anyone wanna add me on switch?
i can finally play animal crossing
the dog who plays guitar
he was here yesterday
and today!
oh no, now we have to cancel saturdays cause kk shows up
she trespass...
no house gums thats so sad, kk play despacito
and please get that old lady away
you do realize a certain someone here has yet to play the game
why am i a child?! im like 20 sis
thats like 3 years younger than you
you never told me you clone yourself
besides im 52 kg
also sis, sorry i wanted to play today with you, but i will prob wait till im back home
internet has been badly crashing lately
im apparently friendly
alright thanks!!
for the stream i will do a flip where i will name partner pokemon after bringy and name whatever sis wants after her
it doesn't fit sis
nope, got no idea
pfft perfect
i am so enjoying this
dangerous for us
clean your room
wasn't a very hard guess
oh the one you invited me too?
but it was kinda like
yeahhh if we were blood related and roommates, both parents would kill us
that's the easy part!
how is vacuuming easy?
just banned someone over this whole clean room thing
maybe slightly unreasonable?
don’t tell me
they called you a bitch
well i cannot even apologize to them
usually i am babysat by one of my mod advisors or sis/drago here
unless my other mods are around
the server owner lashes out and bans
the example you set was "be a dick, get hit"
good rule
well they were sort of shitposting yesterday as well
i could be a shithead and say i don't care but this doesn't feel like the right moment
true sis
calling you a passive aggressive bitch is not the best look
ive noticed bronies tend to be either extremely nice and caring or godawful assholes
im known by many people that im sweet
but psycho
see: your opinion of me in 2017 vs your opinion of me now
like if you or sis or anyone here make fun me here
a lot of anger
and now you hate us all
wait what sis?
but not quite
you guys all like them
and most of active gummyland people are on the nice spectrum
and claimed you love me
oh no it does
and just overall
i try not to represent gummyland like the bad side
but some will clash with you guys
so im worried
but yes flubs
back then drago and i also didn’t get along
since this is someone you don’t know
nah man your name is at the top of the member list
if you do know i would have just invited like panda
she you know during that time
oh feared adding her here not her as a person
hey i'm gonna invite, uh
rick riordan
group hugs!
i love the percy jackson books, one of the few series i was addicted to
yeah i don't know where i'd be right now if it weren't for this server
zeal!
maybe i wouldn't
i didn't fight for camelot
these days, i would
granted most of you would have likely been on the zeal server side back then
now i know where i get my threats and gloating from...
that's cool
got my mom stuff....i think, got my dad dashcam, got my little sister pokemon moon, got you that amazing art, and got nightshade her oc
ponies was not the reason i became nicer
it's the reason i have helped people more and made more friends and have less anxiety over meeting new people
you wanna watch ponies with mev
there are dark moments flubs
it’s not all kiddie like
or are they covered in ivory
meaning they have exoskeletons
are they actually bugs? pick a fuckin lane, mlp
maybe you will like eqg more?
gummy that's an extra level
are you sure that wasnt just the background urge we all always feel?
see demon lord, it was a good idea to be a machoist
everyone know this?
why am i a little shit?
i am cold
ewww
eat = energy = warm
but but ponies
you will like them
and she has like seen everything
can i rule a section of it?
so it looks like there was just a rude golfer
imma not spoil but *shakes nightshade*
pls watch ponies\
aww yeah!
sick
is that one of the ones people like or hate
as in the cute little creatures
how dare you kick ponk!
to dispel the rage
well flubs
thanks fam
i mean in reality id kick nobody
i'm curious about my so-called personality doppel-ganger
nor plays games
nightshade is best nightshase
fun fact
at first it was very cringe
then we both started to sing along
fucking parents had a cd
then i realized it when i messed around with the car cds
then showed gummyland
now it's a fucking meme
cd wtf are you viet too gummy
gummy
gj flubs
what do i make for dinner
fluffy japanese pancakes?
one of kugals three foods
sweet potatoes <:pog:545768118178545665>
kugal dont even say it
i yam my boyfriend's sweet potatoe
damnit kugal
batto is night shade btw
also flubs\
one life only
<a:shoots:669517192366391306>
if you turn it off i'm not turning back on again
the slow one
i just picked a verb and made it plural and then reversed it because discord still thinks im 3 years old
i can't listen to it because i'm in a call on my phone
sounds like you did, too bad water freaks me out <:gwvertipeepochrist:405951687480705024>
fine
im not insane
damn tell me next time, i like meeting people
i mean i'm probably a bit out of your way lol
because i took an 8 hour detour to illinois to visit a friend
since i'm only like 45 minutes away
you should meet me nightshade
in a city in the middle of nowhere
and panda yes, i move all things with the mighty telephone pole >:d
sasksastkaswan
there are no fun places here...
well not right now, i dont think i could get over the borser
gummy i can also throw you in my kayak
~~yeah they sell rifles~~
its ok flubs we still love you
yeah im not sure i can love myself jeez
canadian walmarts don't sell guns
yes...
think bass pro owns us
not the point
gummy the much more likely explanation is that my brain is slowly absorbing the rest of my body and its gotten to the point that i can read thoughts over vast distances
no gummy im not that advanced yet
im thinking about going to mars
man i live in the wrong part of the country for you to start mentioning master races
i did have enough now
like pony stuff
you dont gotta answer this, because im pretty sure i know the answer and it isnt flattering
today until just now and in your residence presumably while playing league
cause im shit in lane but excellent at teamfighting
i don't really enjoy it
also usually i don't get jg help
depends on the length of a unit
oh shit its 5% longer!
god im good
flubs, kaisa is actually reasonable there
tell that to the lack of a helmet
theres ice around her and shes wearing a skirt
shes supposed to survive in a skirt in the league world equivalent of the arctic
wanna see my fave support champ flubs?
nightshade youre a fool
for support at least
yeah i think i know fucking why buddy
though here is one of my errr
the ones that are cute
ok so for starters, biped without a tail is a stupid fucking system
lets go back to janna though
plus the presence of a head on a robot is nothing short of foolish. why the fuck??? "yes! lets put all the vital shit in a little box easily separated from the rest of the fucker!"
do it do it
thats cool
as you go up it gets really cold then really hot then really cold again, and moving fast doesnt help that
i just posted a caitlyn pic earlier
but this is one of her skins
i don't think i have it but
here
i like this janna skin a lot
honestly i give it a 30% chance shes just naked
why does she have an umbrella thats so unsafe
everyone drools over this skin
yeah their budget for that is higher than the game balance budget
she grew up in the jungle and can transform into a cougar at will
thats cool
orrrr
flubs
gummys got a buster sword
lol got em
not this cloud thing guy
meaning gummy is cloud
disgusting
my fingers are too large for this and i dont have big fingers
it makes as much sense as you think it does yep
well im using orange right now so
cause he wasn’t that big of dick..idk
im just showing flubs full context
so, the main story in ffxiv patch 5.3 is apparently movie length
my life is complete
disgusting
woo loo sucks
wooloo is like the opposite of sucking
no fuckin clue
one girl wrecking crew
it was interesting
gen 5 is trending
im angry
anything else, like the soft reboot part was not great
imagine people thinking gen 5 sucked
gen 5 isn't that bad
gen 8 is easy
johto is literally three fucking seasons of filler
> johto is literally three fucking seasons of filler
sinnoh was 4 seasons of filler
i do agree sinnoh has quite a ton of filler
i'm kinda happy with how it's going....
it's gonna be the best thing eve
this is not normal for me
so it's gonna be friggin fantastic
i'm glad you have faith in me frien
it's art
don't knock it
i made some editing errors in some parts
because that's you!
can i not have piece and quiet?
the game?
can confirm: i think i see kenobi on there
why is eyan vids there though?
don't question art
animal man may even have been able to get animal man in the video
go back to zeal!
hey that’s stealing my ideas
anyone wanna hear it?
like i've seen horror stories of people streaming 24 hours and then dying
no one watches me anyways
still sounds like a pretty strenuous stream
i probably will have breaks btw
how are you alive?
you are high priority now for one reason
"don't leave a digital footprint when you go on the internet," they said, when they taught dragonite how to use the internet for the first time
there is like 32 of me
on yt at least
i dont have a problem you have a problem
what about my yt hobby?
patreon
lmao
but i deleted everything since i didn’t know how to edit...
i did
cause i don’t remember
we don’t talk about that...
yeah
she wants me to pet her, not be on my computer
im done for good
happy fathers day, by the way
happy fathers day flubs
so to the public they seem like a normal business, but nefarious things happen behind the scenes
brother its 1:00 i will vc with no one
you say what you want, they cook it up, you meet in a park or something and they give you your pies
soo ubereats?
and its the worlds least illegal illegal thing
i'd be honoured to share my first line with you <:rankosmug:684587611393622033>
yeah, an expert
nice
well i already do that last bit
health class really teaches you nothin
the information never came in handy but i appreciate it nonetheless
don't think that's gonna get very many people signing up now
