this is it guys
the final sprint
alright i had an idea
i have accounted for the <:chungus:635957760235929640> variable
now i'm listening to eurobeat touhou
do you want help with the voitng app? i can try to help you without breaking ai
i'm making progress
also i found a good genre for studying
speed metal
that's dumb
and im the first room on the left outside the elevator
what kind of sick bastard thought it was funny to put 3 step trig integrals in the calc 2 curriculum
i'm really on a fast food kick rn idk why...
yeah i feel that
idk wendy's kinda. i want a burger
hamborgor.
what
tbf i slept most of wednesday
i mean later 2nite
a school pizza would probably fuck me more than it would help lol
i have a meeting with my community partner
i still need to preorder the pmd remake
i kinda don't wana go
also what is pmd
oh yeaaaaaah
i hate formal casual
will you be down for food after?
but compleatly up to you
i’ll let you know probably closer to 6
my class gets out at like 7:30 :/ yea ik its late sorryyy
but keep me posted if you want to. up to you.
a fire alarm
as in i hope its not real
my roommate seems to be staying too so it wouldnt be too awkward at least
bruh
ugh please let me feel better in the morning i dont wanna skipanother day of classes
that always tastes good and its good for you if youre sick right?
it is emil it is...
derivitive of cos is -sin
and if you derive again
derivative of sin is cos
derivative of cos(2x) is -2sin(2x) then derivative of that is -4cos(2x)
inside stays the same
oof i didnt finish my lab
also they really dont like me there
why did you have to remind me this existed
now!? bruhhhhh
i just got back
here*
pretty much here
dont die
no promises
thr dynasty is over ;.;
the other one i just watched the carnage
ugh i cant swallow this medicine
yea thats my reddit name :p
ight i'll just post him completed
someone also drew a giant penis
i think i did
sorry i'm in class
when do you get out?
im in class after this
no ;c i'm out at 3
there are so many ppl who are like years ahead in 115
oh god pc why u die on me :v
i smell a lack of federal action
i think im currently experiencing it
alternatively after the birth of his third child
tbh a miracle im not dead rn i dont recall when i last ate
i didn't know thats what he was talkin about...
and i emailed them
yea nah im on the road to new rochelle
it feels like theres a rock on the top of my throat
then everyone working there broke out into laughter
oh my god
i'll let her know thanks adam where you wana meet?
i’m in govs rn
where are you at
my room lol
i hate that so much
not right now
based on the laundry theory they were probably clean
yea sure
i should probably avoid doing stuff tomorrow though to be safe
lame.
fuck off ub
.gmagik
thats what we callllllll exploitation baby
of course not i literally see their budget for just student events
we have an extra 25k set for clubs to ask for in a different way now too
im just saying what i think their reasoning is
yo amyone wana grab something to eat
still not in perfect condition but i feel a lot less hellish than before
regardless ill take what i can get
also feel better!
i need this so i can send it down a fleight of stairs
i just wanna see it fall down a fleight of stairs
don’t you have the heater switch?
i dont think i do no
anyone wana go?
when is it
you make 5 different expressions using any logical operators you want
it can be any compound proposition
we've been betrayed
it should cost way less, right?
yeah the pharmecutical companies hog the medicare money atm
how are people falling for ads like this?  have they never heard of any other first world countries?
anyone else goes for a trade job (which rn is very high paying) and other people can work jobs for unskilled people
neat
what if instead of cinnamon toast crunch it was garlic toast crunch
can you don't
psychology, education, criminology, political science all fall under liberal arts.
i dislike this lq
autograder is trolling me
yeah idk what it was
but at this point it’s not worth it
transhumanism baby
trying to study for chinese
i feel that
lekker dingen
i mean that's the first half of a trick right
my skateboard laned under some dudes car
wait this new set is just $10 per box? i got that other box for fucking $30 goddamn
oh shit
yessss
theres still snow in someparts of the campus and some parts of campus are just compleatly unreadable.
have you guys ever  seen vileplume's original red/green design
ok then
so x^2 can look like 9
yeah lol
alright
i know your leading coefficient is a
so if you have both positive you wanna use tangent
yeah the book comes with a code for the class's webassign for the semester
wait
i gave up anyways
wait what
maybe we coded it in a way that works but he didnt expect
yeah
i think i did in the moment
no i didnt brute force
i really shouldve saved the code somewhere
oh right i didnt put in the test cases
ill do it anothher time i dont feel like doing anything rn
also i just dont kmnow what else to test but whetevs
tfw na actually has a chance to win an esports int championship
neat, what game
i shouldve known lol
ty ty
how the hell do they really just not give us a kitchen
only hot water source is the damn showers and bathroom sinks
woah this is a great int champ
wow great game!
damn, feel better!
oh yeah btw i saw parasite
it's the best live action movie i've seen
ugh ive missed 3 191s now
i wanted to try to go today but i slept too long
this may have been the reason i failed half my tests
i cannot fucking stand how buggy ub infinite is
i can't finish module one bc of this one stupid error...
syntax in python is very strict, it may be spacing
it is
i did'
ok well if you tried everything you probably would get it right
you’re probably missing something
it might also be that you’re returning a different value than auto grader is looking for
write a function named "tweets" that takes a string as a parameter and returns the number of messages required to send the input to the world. note: the maximum length for a single message is 280 characters
if you’re going to show code, you can show it to me but i cannot tell you the answer
what is the output supposed to be?
mine was so shit though
unless its assigned to a variable
now back to my dorm because holy fuck walking from su to baldy was hell
you good?
rlly
come over to give
*govs
i also bought spoons for some reason instead of forks
feel better mine
thanks
honest to god that lab was awful
i already made it but thanks
the interview was so stressful too
my interview was shit he had to guide me through like all of it because the terminology is nonsense
what if i dont remember what i did
they just kinda ask you about how you did the lecture questions
no i know
for general peoples
it creates a pointer in mem
and creates a personal stack kind of thing?
so in stack, theres a pointer to heap where lets say a certain val is that you can change
lets say you have multiple objects, do you also have multiple heaps?
good catch
ahhhh i see lmao
i just realized
but ye the movie was god-tier
just onset panic attack due to caffeine i'm ok it wears of eventually.
also death
honestly
yo i'll eat dinner soon
or if tomorrow works better we could do that too
sorry got a text b4 i could even finish that sentence and pressed enter
i'm gunna pick up some tim bitz and ride my skateboard over there and head back to govs
tfw you forgot you can edit discord msg (smh)
the internet has interesting ideas of what people want
also jake let’s go eat
so we should really do the movie night tomorrow?
ight omw
so maybe tonight would be better for me
ive got my math rec in an hour and a half i dont wanna miss the quiz grade
squeezing into the inbetween space of a couch and emerging in the couch dimension
youre just jealous that you know not of the couch dimension
hope you feel better soon
the couch dimension
otherwise we lose patrique
intrigue
faith
power
milk tastes good once more
what???
i am but a litol crichur,
alas a contributor to nightmare fuel :)
my inheritance batteries worked perfectly despite not changing my tests which didn't work for the normal batteries
i shouldnt complain considering its an -000 but i dunno i just like it more when scp articles are just about an object
like this is good but i feel like itd be better as a tale
i'm no author though
bro what was that ending
dinner*
i want to use up my meal swipes, and i'm not really going to be hungry for a while
that answer both fell into the yes and no category emil.
i just really want wendy's lol
both of your propositions were true though
i used a negation operator
t ∧ ¬ f == f
‘twas foolish of you to second-guess my flawless logic
y’all still down for shawshank tonight?
~~i was wondering if maybe we wanted to stop at wendy's if theres one along the way~~
(sorry pat)
sure!
and i can pick y’all up wherever
so popcorn???
yes popcorn
god damnit my friend is indecisive af. i gotta help it after class it should take no more than 30 min
him*
i feel bad making you walk
i’m chilling
alright
i guess thats *kinda* good?
i wanna take being healthy for granted again
thats what i told myself i woukd do after winter break
the 7 chaos komuchas
kom🅱️ucha
im always irrationally afraid the busses will collide when they pass by eachother
oh alright we’re here
ight i'll be over in 5
what's poppin? i'm eatin at the cellar rn.
i like my slippers medium-rare
god ive missed 6 polscis in a row now
and i didn't even ask for less ice
doom and animal crossing are the best fucking duo
also my program still gives errors for some reason :/
god that kid is the embodiment of kringe with a k
he’s outta here
i'll be there around 6 because i do have to go to the gym
sounds like it's time for a war
i was working on the physics engine
downstairs
not a fan of any of the options at the dining hall, so i got a tiny bit of everything
dining hall was very meh tonight
so i got a bit of everything
i'm immediately gravitated to the potatoes
i should have just got potatoes
i take it back this corned beef rice dish is pretty sweemb
i'm sad he's at the forefront of gaming as a competitive sport (or game whatever you wana call it).
and expects everyone to act as stupid and childish as ninja.
guys i might need some help bext year
help with what?
winning sa presidency for our junior year
prepare for disappointment
he name dropped kali oml
you gotta read the whole convo when you get a chance
he said “there’s gotta be some kali linux thing”
who tf is rahul
that was craaazy
nothing has ever brought me more anxiety than submitting my physics engine
setting up the bowling pins
fun, good, amazing
he’s in our class
i don’t remember
is jesse actually wrong?
i used kali to break passwords
does he have any friends?
exactly
yeah
i imagine so
i cant wait to never have calc 2 again
just wait till hw after calculator ;)
hey adam
can u help me out with something...
i need to go to the mall
actually or saturday
yeah i’m sorta busy tonight but maybe saturday?
bc i cannot for the life of me get them out.
the heater was on like two days ago yet it keeps getting shut off for some fucking reason
we should get together and watch the mario bros movie
its just collision on a 2d plane
(ours are squares though not circles but i imagine that shouldnt change anything)
and then we use theta for
something
yea then you can make them vectors
in a 2d space
im hoping once i properly get these formulas in just by the laws of physics they wont be inside of eachother because that is a problem rn
they are compleatly seperate
that is how things work
this is just coding rather than physics now
well make sure when they collide they aren't traveling in the same direction
i mean they have to be since one weighs more
and not
our only test subjects here are the players
which have a set movement speed
and their x velocity goes back to 0 if you let go of the input
gonna die when i see autolab wants to say my tests are wrong
well its at least finding the tests and some work
found another
its ok
some good alt rock for yall
test cases break my soul part 83
time to go on another adventure to find a classroom
i mean for todays lq
why is my code broken
you know what
youre just constantly stuck just barely failing and end up stuck with a 0
iee's robot kinda sucks tbh
sends dad video of pete fabricating black support again, he tells me to work for pete
is this how buttigieg supporters operate?  mentioning pete's name = endorsing mayor pete
my eyes
patrick fun fact
lmao
my brain is immense
i've made a severe and continuous lapse in my judgement
epic
blah delivery room opens late today
cyndaquil is the best!
yugioh attained
ah ok
its just some shitty side elective i just need to pass
"damndaniel" the geodude
"cringe rat" the sentret
"rat 2?" the rattata
no more fruit by the foot for me to eat
what did you guys do?
yooo how was it
found out
my friend from long island drove up here to see the same concert
wacky
i was in tears when he showed up (we haven't seen eachother for like 2 years bc of shit that happened)
too cold to move
still feel dizzy
i was at an 11 last night :v
i wasn't wasted
emptie stomach + as much as you drank. yea... you were feelin nothin
so i went to an 11
after that last shot with mike the last thing i remember was throwing up on the lawn
if you get stuck feel free to ask me vague questions
alrighty
which one?
is yours still named tojson?
thanks
how do you import the json stuff
does anyone have the dependency i need?
you have to convert to json before making the map?
head hurt.
should just be !
so can i do (6-x)!
does it just go towards 0
its for hw.
reminds me i have 3 calc assignments to do by monday afternoon
wtf das wrong apparently ;.;
just to be safe
how do you find the derivative of a function under a sqrt
ightg
which still isn't correct
its chain rule so you multiply by the derivative of the inside
in general if your brain is weirding out trying to derive/integrate something
shoot me now
bruh
yea they really want ppl to fuck the colonel
what why does it specifically say west virginia
idk man
its like gen 2 but you can go anywhere anytime and everything scales to how many badges you have so its like "open world"
didn’t wanna put my art anywhere else
i don't even know what a reverb or a master bus is
oh hey theres only two assignments on webassign
and even the functions you use to determine that error margin have an error margin of their own
oh its for when youre using midpoint
i think im gonna not look at mine
ohhh its on autograder
yo people who have a desktop in govs
mine just says do the lecture questions
then it’s big and in the way
oh you mean the actual computer not the monitor
probably underneath your desk would be the best, right?
lecture questions
lets see
3 of them
with voting i just get all errors from autolab
7:00 in clinton sound good?
sounds good to me. my ass still is broken.
yeah feel free
i can just rent it for $4
i remember why i didnt try doing this previously
actually if it’s in a 1st floor lounge i don’t really care where
makes sense
just a test that isn't working
typical
well still not working great
just think of the graph of tanx
and still have no clue how to stop getting errors in this damn battery program
me too
on piazza
tbh neither do i
thats what the battery thing is about
yeah i know but what does check your references mean
im so sick of stack and heap and stuff
im just going to go to the ta tomorrow
and doing that changed nothing still failing 3 tests
and somehow my old code solved recharge
thinkin i’ll just bite that bullet
it's not
testing more makes things worse!
ill be there in 15
also do yall know what happened at bailey ave?
tas take time i want things solved now
lol ok
uhhhh
there was a shooting
i saw the news
just now
on interwebs
where we droppin
clinton
sure
hahah oops !!
you’re good it’s just me and tom rn
def robobaby(robot1, robot2):
      if robot1 and robot2 = yes:
              return (robotbaby)
      else:
              return(nobotbaby)
parasite can barely reach top 5 movies of the year
dammit a bus made it to govs but i couldnt reach it in time
oh yeah
guess who barely made it for chicken fries
which is why they made the records think she died
why would she even hint at it
her entire purpose at that point was to prevent the spread of any info
he knew it was a girl from the orphanage
they were her memories
from the orphanage
no she is a private contractor who doesnt have a full job with an company
eat the rich yall
i concede the plot makes sense
well i think the point was to convince us that he was “the one” so to speak, because at that point he believed it too
knives out never tries to trick youit just makes you think with what information you have and it drip feeds that info
knives out literally tells you who did it in one quick scene you just have to pay attention
they were programed with memory to have human feelings and emotion though
and they didnt even try to play it in an interesting way
it feels like they just forgot to have him feel things
your not interupting, that was my complete thought
yessir
i am
i mean i got like 3 tests out in one submission
and i absolutely love the artistic direction of the movie coupled with the soundtrack
i think over time we will begin to understand everybody's tastes
yeah
i think the way we feel about the style in a movie is the most subjective part.  it's almost like taste in music.
check every object lol
mine is under my desk
up to submission thirty two baby
why does it fail the correct solution it doesnt make sense
ok gamers what do we have to know for this 191 quiz
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
it doesnt tell us what to name the trader constructors in the tradeagreement class
ugh why the hell am i getting errors
got lost
i'm there now tho
where the hell is my lab person
appparently our ta did the interviews wrong??
please
so thank you but its ik
ok now im in 316
i'm laughin so hard at this hypothetical
without teapots
if it converges
so many questions
a(t) is 1/(t^p) btw
what is an interval of integration what does that mean im so dead
yes that is what those words mean but i have no clue what that means in terms of calculus
i could go to tutoring but thats just paying again to be told the same stuff again
may 19th baby
hm that timing is awkward
finals end the 16th
if anyone wants to eat anywhere lmk
got me 3 hashbrowns
aa salt in my eyes
i'd prob put your computer there
man theres fuckin noone in my 116 room
states are ez
~~totally didnt wait to see if i got the 1.0 before sending that~~
im just so genuinely confused as to what is wrong
me 2
what?
what is there?
how do you push to an array of strings
list doesnt have .split() though
time to press control z a lot
states are fucking awful with readability you have to go between 50 different files
i submitted it too many times and idk what to do im about to cry
theyre useful and good but readability is by no means a plus for them
oh i just had a brain moment
well
decimals are
i think i have a calc exam
not now
without picking anyone up
its in service
fear
er rather "dont try to replace numbers"
trying to replace the numbers is what had me stuck
well through a very weird circle/figure 8 this bus got to the student union
fucking front bottoms
bruh
music is old man
snowpiercer yes, castle of cagliestro is cool, goldfinger is fine, why is the room on there
and every single miyazaki movie
i've heard the garzey's wing dub is extremely funny
time to pull out the mega classics
yeah but cat people has cats in it
so we can culture these people on alternetives to watching cats
i refuse to stop
i wanna see the big sleep and cassablanca in a quieter environment tbh
north by northwest
then i go
duck soup
the circus
i only picked movies i havent seen
now we're switching genres
the godfather is a no cuz most people have seen it and its long af
nop im liosting movies you cant stop me
the red balloon ooh what a beautiful movie
we are gonna end up watching the emoji movie at this rate
if there are 100 options and the emoji movie is one, people are gonna wanna see that most
then we go and say ooh what about the shining
the shining is good, there are better movies tho
and then i hit you with another one of the greatest movies of all time
battleship potempkin
that is a movie that exists
then dont even talk to me
you havent even seen the red balloon
and then i come out here with another classique francaise
le havre
die hard
but newer ones by the coen brothers
big lebowski
cowboy bebop is the best western
no country for old men
as in get out of this discord channel
why?
waking life is p great
cool
what a masterpiece
dodgeball, the wedding singer, and love on a leash
did you watch kung fury with us?
oh shit i forgot about that one jackass movie with the grandpa
that one was great
bad grandpa
i gave it a 7 cuz it made me laugh alot
it's prolly my fav. official 2d main series mario game
my favorite 2d mario game is super mario 63
hot takes
my favorite mario game is paper mario ttyd
huh?
harvey weinstein is a ub alumn what
what
theres a butterscotch in the condom box
check the names of everything
then it’s a problem with your code
which one is it?
i have physics and it makes me wana die
i was actually gonna go to pistachio’s at like 6
can't do like 5:30?
aight
because i am laze
i mean dying but that works too
that’s like a 87
thanks bro
87.5 exactly
which is i think better than i did on the second unit test
is that a b+?
i think so?
maybe a-
it’s an a-in mine 😄
i think i got like an 84-85
90 is an a guaranteed
yeah
i’m really quite excited about thursdays meeting
> and if all else fails, bend over and kiss your ass goodbye. i'm not kidding. that could actually help.
>
ugh you reminded me i have my calc 2 exam tomorrow
im so dead
key mapping?
literally an actual ace attorney case
12 chuggas before a choo-choo
no that’s 8 you fiend
it’s expert analysis though
it goes nanananananananan nananananananana
now my brain is saying 24 na's
just watch the batman theme, it repeats in sets of 8 nanas
its wack
fixed
in before it takes me a year to complete
so hopefully i could do
list(5, ".", 2, "+", 6, "*", 3, "=")
plug that into my function, and then the display should be 33.6
so i dont see the problem with another
shit
my roommate says 10 and he's probably right
thing.isinstanceof[class]
doesnt work
unless you ask me
ill probably help if you ask me
ok yeah this was absurdly easy to fix
i dont even know how to approach calculator atm
im just chilling and thinking about stuff
that’s a bruh moment
lol nope
ugh i just remembered i still need to figure out lq2
one test made me have to rework how the numbers in my calculator work but it wasnt actually so hard
not even so tedious
problem is i dunno what to do now lol
bernie has a rape fantasy fetish?
that's a little yikes ngl
okay so he wrote an early feminist work?
yeah
hell even if it were a bad thing (it very explicitly isnt though) why is it relevant it was written over 50 years ago
theyre trying to own bernie with something that by no means of the imagination could ever rationally be an own
i saw a good tweet earlier explaining the bernie essay but i cant find
oh wait its the one i sent already
so basically, bernie > trump
he compared sanders to hitler
basically the idea of the essay is that society forces women to submit to the point where they internalize it and fantasize of having any autonomy being taken away (i think)
he prolly paid alot of money for that line too
they keep trying that and its just
so strange
a million is a lot less than a billion i dont know why its so hard for them to grasp
good things!!
it seems like a stock centrist democrat policy list
because i finally got the number functionality to work
hey i meant it in a glass half full kind of way
idk if i even wanna look
where are they posted?
and yiiiikes
yeah i know
that’s good
he certainly follows the centrist motto of "things are totally fine we promise"
that sucks
oh shit
aight
i'll head out now
big rhip
its not like he avoids the question
no i’m not
he is not
it was 7pm until 2nd grade (i think) then it was 8pm until middle school
and by bedtime it meant bedtime like tv off and everything
oh...
jeez guys okokok.
very straange that all of you
its mar 6th
is it the same for you guys?
there is a workshop in nsc tomorrow on how to apply
aparently you can create a group
good photo discord :v
shall i?
imma do et anyways
camouflage is a good song
i joined
i should have named it crack side
he actually made this video
nevermind he isn't actually saying it might be the best movie
this is just how he decided to name his review series
eyyyyyyyyy
so they oppose all socialist programs?
because of bonus slide
welp i already got the 1 so
oh the lecture question
it got removed
what is a state?
i'm confused
i feel like i've programmed with states for a lecture question, but i'm really good at forgetting stuff
i dunno how youd use booleans without control flow/alternative control flow
you can use them as parameters in states
so your code breaks
i need to make sure im doing it right
i dont need/wanna see the actual code obviously
i think im doing it right but the wording is super vague
how about you private message someone your constructor and we'll tell you if its right?
mind if i show you
i think i know why but i cant say
just gotta think about it
every time ive tried it just sucks and nothing happens
they turned batman into smart detective into dumb brute
it was in the list of best movies of the decade
i've never seen, or i just dont remember, man of steel
i'm guessing you sent that article as a meme then
i've been wanting to write reviews for awhile
probably not correctly!
but i answered them
hmm.... still living in trash smell is no good
i dont put anything that would smell in my trash can.  i just walk over to the nearest communal trash can.
small price to pay for a room that doesn't constantly smell like garbage
i dont wanna end up like jerry and elaine in "the smelly car"
btw i have a cold and it is causing me to cough
now i dont
i just went to elicott but i can come back over to govs or wherever
what do y’all wanna do?
i mean i dunno if theres much to do at elicott
i could bring my switch or something but idk what we'd play
true true
come over and help me do my 中文功课
hmmm
[no in chinese]
yeah uhhhh i could not helped
i mean fair
govs is probably best
alright
imma take a shower then join ya guys
im not gonna lie i kinda wanna eat first
food at cellar is so inconsistant
imma wat too then
ill bring my controllers then just in case
idk where patrick is
i passed you cause you said you were at sizzles
my b
hm true
true true
heading to clinton rn
bus taking forever to get here
typical
accurate
holy fuck i forgot in the manaphy movie ash actually fucking drowns to death
how dare you
thing
right
i wish i took that advice
and not my friends
emotionally i suddenly feel like shit :v
no i think i'll be ok, its cause idk i haven't been keeping myself busy so...
i like snow
thats wack
if i were in that scenario id probably just ignore them/exclude them from my life to the best of my ability
mask fucking off
i’m going to get dinner in an hour, would anyone care to tag along?
i just eat them at room temperature
that’s what sane people do
toaster is excusable but bad
microwaving and freezer are the only methods listed on the box and that deeply upsets me
actually you pick
isabelle animal crossing is getting married
oy vey
life points are the least relevant resource in the game
you could revive a whole field for just a bit over half your starting lifepoints
if it were like 3k per monster maybe i wouldnt be so bewildered by it (itd still be banned though)
mori-mori-mori-mori-mori-o-cho radiooo (morio cho radioo)
i mean
it ain't bad
it aint bad
but if given the option to toast it
you toast it
and toast it in the toasting machine.
im livid
and right before i got to it
anyone wanna do anything
holy shit that’s not good
i just
its death without the cost
yea im not even gunna push my luck today
a shit in a box
i was there for the whole emily eviction talk yesterday so i feel like i know a decent bit
yeah thats gross of her
ebic
full 180
lmao
and i sure as hell havent seen it
cause everyone hates her
and it seems like theyre entirely right to
i mean huff is the right word if you're with the right substance.
1.0 for tv was a lot easier than i thought
i implimented one of the things wrong and it failed three tests lol
for me, it didnt work, then i put in some print statements and it ran in intellij
very much a bruh moment (john certified)
basically if you start from scratch you may notice something incredibly small you may not have before
thing is theres not much to look through so ive combed it over quite a few times
but then for some reason the test said it was returning a char?!
and it took me 8 submissions to figure out that all i needed to do was keep the parentheses even though intellij says its an error
yeah i always hear the wind outside my window
its annoying and loud
i dont wanna go to a ta for this i hate going to tas and it would just be a waste of time
theres 0 reason for this to be an errors what the hell
it only fives me an error when i call the function you define in tradeagreement
i have parentheses at the end
this makes no sense whatsoever
its probably something you'd never think of thats really small
are you not allowed to use == in your testtrading or something?
i literally cannot fathom why this doesnt work
im just doing assert(item == otheritem)
so for some reason it doesnt like what im asserting
theres no way to test for this without doing something ive tried
come to the cellar, i have fries
~~it just freaks me out and i cant~~
its not a problem of me worrying about others its just
i mean you wanted to sleep right
oops...
ok note to self don't do that again.
am not smart
i reaaaaaally hope this geography quiz has a word bank
ok so the quiz was absurdly easy to cheat on
i only cheated for 1 answer though
but since its on computer i just
since ublearns cant detect cheating afaik
oh shit
best thing to do is wash your hands thoroughly all the time, especially before you eat
maybe its my brain wanting to feel secure but really i dont think its so serious to need to worry about masks (in our area, obviously there are places where masks are a good idea)
oh the masks don’t really help much either
im just gonna not let people sneeze on me
but you can get it through your eyes
i didnt get ebola and im not getting this
shhhhhhh
lmao
when i was on south one time i was running to the bus and the wind legit held me in place
i reiterate
this morning
its never with you
wind is fake
but like reverse windmills
thats where our tuition goes
just had to dig my phone out of a garbage cab
me in 220 atm:
so i got one of my kerbals to space.
now i need to get him down...
fuk...
take my first ee class
next semester
i don't know what chipotle monday is
why that one tho?
ohhh
yeah im in
loads of mock trial people
i'm down if i can get a lift
impossible shifts 😡
oh wait i don't have meal credits
can you get in with dinning?
or go to the commons
byt still gunna go for food
eh sure why not
i never realized how far back the commons goes
i may not go, just because dorming group wanted to eat to talk about dorming possibilities
it ok
no dying on my watch 👀
rip i missed all this i was at my honors thing
i left 5 extras incase i have to prune
👀 👀 👀 👀
all of my roommate's stuff is gone (literally everything) and i dont know where he is
like literally everything?
entirely moved out
that’s insane
do i just live alone now??
the beans?????
i mean the beans werent his we tossed them day one lol
once i clean it up anyways
that’s badass
bruh put the beds together
plus i dont have queen sheets or anything
that’s kind of awesome though
i never really interacted with him but youd think he'd say if he was leaving
or at least leave a note
i sorta like having my little gremlin corner tbh
i guess if he meant to tell me today he was leaving he wouldn't have had the chance since i wasn't at the dorm any time he could tell me since he wakes up late but still you'd think he'd leave a note or smth
that's bad
yeah
+ works
but thats it
like functionality or do they not do anything at all
they dont do anything
for the onclick method
only for +
no like for addpressed()
subtractpressed(), dividepressed() and multiplypressed() all dont work
i wanna help but i dont wanna technically violate ai even though i trust you lol
its mostly a technical issue though
you probably know it all already but never hurts to be sure
thats all the basic stuff i think
i figured it out
niiice
thats exclusively the bad part of spelunking
exactly
anyway we should go sometime
yeah
also im almost done with calculator i made some significant improvements to my code
only 12 classes now
“hmm
yeah i should explore here”
so i did
mission failed: we'll get 'em next time
i guess so long as im not alone
it’s like a different world down there
i have a bday party but it might end early
he’s gonna be 19
boomer
happy 19 years surviving the establishment 🥳
and with only 17 classes!
i see how it is smhsmh 😤
that little plus sign there
yeah
hell yeag
yeah
how can we be cool furries now
whats even the fucking point
im gonna get it
<:him:683332731694088282>
something about it just feels so wrong
it still looks good and is still hand drawn but something about the style is so charming
shoutouts to illegal streaming sites
the physics exam went well
think i did ok
i'm an upsetting person patrick am sorry
imma go get breaky
??????
still
this picture has an energy and i cannot and refuse to describe it
more than usual though
dun think so
my god damn pokemon movie keeps buffering
apple burger
he's stuck in orbit
also was wondering if anyone wanted to do anything today?
im down to do something yeah
deoxys himself is cg what the hell i dont remember that
maybe they tried it here then realized "oh yeah this sucks"
he fucking evaporated deoxys i forgot that part
hes dead
unless of course those are additive in which case fuck
thats unlucky
yeah just gimme a few min
yeah its just one error that i didnt get
otherwise its pretty straightforward
if you ask for "chips without chip?"
ive got no clue how to do this without a bit of control flow
cause theres no limit to the speed so even if i wanted i cant just use an absurd amount of classes
yeah it doesnt
it fixed car but
dylan reccomended (wonderfully so imo) monty python
i havent watched life of brian but i've heard amazing things about it
~~the pokemon first movie remake is on netflix~~
ok so i got the 1.0 but my tests for objective 2 and 3 made errors
rhs_decimal
lecture question is messin me upp
ugh ai sucks because i wanna help but i cant
i have literally the same problem
honestly if you do the homework you show you understand states
too bad
ugh i got the last test to work but now theres an error elsewhere
for which lq?
bruh i'm losing my minddddd
my tests are like 100 lines
is it still showing 1.0 for you emil?
why do i not have 1.0
but it isnt
no but it is
functionality incomplete means your code didn’t pass jesse’s tests
why the hell
my calculator has 1000 lines of tests
if you do like
[0, ., 0, 0, 0] for your inputs
does it show 0.000 or 0.0
yeah
if this doesn't work i'm dropping 116
everything works how it should
nice
||ooga booga look at dms||
yeah but theres a billion possible things that my problem could be and i dont know how to find it
ive checked every possible thing i can think of
with repeated commands?
😂😂😂
ignore my other tabs
while you solve car question i sleep from gravity amd and newton's 2nd law
i did
[6, -, 9, *, 3] and it gave 18 instead of -3
now it does
good
damn im sorrrryyyyyyy
oh yay i also have rhs decimal working now
my last submission before i noticed my flaw got all the tests running
ive got 11
11 bananas?
i dunno if i should say but ive got
its when i do like
[5, ., 5, +, 3, *, /, 5]
but i suppose i must
fuck everyone
i remove the trucks of my skateboard
and use the board
and go down the side of the natural arts center
ok i got all the 🙂 too
i had no reason to doubt you
yeah
just in case
so i just did it all in one swoop
sure
i had 1000 lines of testing lol
not general purpose
i have no reason to lie to you guys
that's a wonderful observation patrick
i look so dumb carrying a board with no trucks
it made no sense
shit i forgot my wallet
the snow is too loght4
i'mma still do to su
i'll be there in 15 min
sorry
ok den....
sounds good to me
or i can just message dylan
i'll let you know
consumerism is a hell of a drug
tonight, clinton, preferably sometime between 8 and 9, it will last about 2 hours, and the movie will be monty python's life of brian
even though nothing makes sense eith where its placed my room feels way more homey after moving the bed
push emil
i gotta do lq and honors colloq shit and hw2 dor 191 and hw2 for 116
the two beds
that works
damn
we go to canada
with drinks
why are you like a person who's off the grid
i have left the country once
i wonder
ugh moving everything would be such a pain though
my room is finally not an absolute disgrace
i really need a vaccuum though
godfather next week btw
life of brian was very very good 👌
i agree
the religion stuff was good
ohh, i understand
obviously a fair bit of it is a result of the times but still it was just
i sorta freak out whenever i can see my breath my brain goes like "did i smoke??"
is it windy?
not so bad considering other days
the wind these days has been a force to be reckoned with
it wasnt bad really
speak for yourself
#nofacialhairsquad
oh yeah i have cable
i have more memes, but i'll spare you
deadlifts, 2xpull ups, bench fly's, bench, incline bench, dumbbell rows, stright arm pull overs, cable crossovers, 2x dips, leg tucks, then core
it works i imagine
i got sick last weak so i gotta do shoulders, abs, and legs
i dont think so but look at the example sheet for quantifiers on piazza resources it shows the equivalent
we don’t wanna watch it in govs
yeah
i need shower
but i need clothes
shower
its alright youve got time probably
i'm just gonna take the l with leg day
on autograder
and i did it at 12am-3am today
wanna check out the weird basements now while we got time?
for prepardness
ill come get ya
accidentally slammed my door
fuck?
