It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. It's true. It's called "life."
It doesn't stop being magic just because you know how it works.
The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.
Some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it. If you put a large switch in some cave somewhere, with a sign on it saying 'End-of-the-World Switch. PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH', the paint wouldn't even have time to dry.
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.
In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded.
It's not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing it.
DON'T THINK OF IT AS DYING. JUST THINK OF IT AS LEAVING EARLY TO AVOID THE RUSH.
If you ignore the rules people will, half the time, quietly rewrite them so that they don't apply to you.
HUMAN BEINGS MAKE LIFE SO INTERESTING. DO YOU KNOW, THAT IN A UNIVERSE SO FULL OF WONDERS, THEY HAVE MANAGED TO INVENT BOREDOM.
The presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those who think they've found it.
Inside every old person is a young person wondering what happened.
When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right. When he states that something is impossible, he is very probably wrong.
The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Flying is easy, all you have to do is throw yourself at the ground and miss.
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.
The story so far: In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer.
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. (There is another theory which states that this has already happened.)
A learning experience is one of those things that says, "You know that thing you just did? Don't do that."
Let's think the unthinkable, let's do the undoable. Let us prepare to grapple with the ineffable itself, and see if we may not eff it after all.
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.
Would it save you a lot of time if I just gave up and went mad now?
He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream and he sometimes wondered whose it was and whether they were enjoying it.
For a moment, nothing happened. Then, after a second or so, nothing continued to happen.
You live and learn. At any rate, you live.
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning.
The point is, you see, that there is no point in driving yourself mad trying to stop yourself going mad. You might just as well give in and save your sanity for later.